Anything for you, Zhenya  title: Anything for you, Zhenya rating: G pairing: Gen, Evgeni/Alexei disclaimer: To the best of my knowledge, it never happened. Any resemblance to actual persons or relationships is the result of good guessing. I'm not making any money off of this and I own nothing.  summary: Sick with the flu, Evgeni still manages to win Europeans in 2006. After watching him collapse on the ice, someone comes to take care of him.    Evgeni staggered across the ice, bending his knee before collapsing onto the frozen surface. Hot from exertion and the flu, the ice was wonderfully cool.  His head felt fuzzy in the kiss and cry, while the medal ceremony and the press conference afterward seemed to last forever. Evgeni’s body ached and his brain felt like it was disconnected from his mouth when he tried to answer questions.  Finally, after what seemed like ages, he was allowed to go back to the hotel. Once inside his room, Evgeni collapsed onto the bed, still wearing his costume.  Some time later - whether it was a couple minutes or a couple hours, Evgeni didn’t know - he felt a warm breath on his face and a cool hand on his forehead. “Zhenya. Zhenya, wake up. We’ve got to get you out of this.”  Evgeni opened his eyes briefly to see who it was, before shutting them closed again. Alexei propped him upright and tugged at the zipper on his costume. Evgeni moaned pitifully when Alexei moved his arms and legs to peel away the costume sticking to his skin.  “You’re burning up, Zhenya. Let’s get you to the shower,” said Alexei. Evgeni weakly batted his hands away before Alexei went around and picked him up altogether, striding toward the bathroom.  He was deposited in the cool porcelain tub. The shower knobs squeaked as Alexei worked them and a cool spray hit Evgeni.  He grabbed the washcloth from Alexei and scrunched up his face. “Go away, Lyosha. I’m taking a shower.”   When Alexei laughed, Evgeni pushed him a little. “Okay, okay. I’m going. I’ll be waiting outside.”  Despite Evgeni’s feeble protests, after his shower, Alexei helped him into his boxers and sleeping pants. Evgeni let him fluff the pillows and pull the covers up to his chin. He heard the lights -click- out and felt Alexei’s weight on the bed as the man settled next to him. A kiss to his forehead was the last thing Evgeni felt before sleep claimed him once again.    When Evgeni woke up the next morning, Alexei was still there. He felt kind of groggy, but managed to sit up while Alexei brought over a tray with orange juice, orange slices, toast, and a small, individual pot of tea.   “Drink the tea last,” Alexei told Evgeni, sitting next to him on the bed. “I put vodka in it.”  Evgeni snorted; of course Lyosha would do something like that. He chewed on an orange slice while tearing off the crust on his toast. Watching him, Alexei picked up the other piece and removed the edges before putting it back on his plate. “Thanks.”  “How are you feeling?” Alexei asked.  “Not great. Much better than last night, but not great.”   He noticed Alexei frown. “Well you’ll have all day to rest.”  “I can’t. I have to skate in the gala.” He ripped off a piece of toast.  Alexei shook his head. “Mishin spoke to them. You don’t have to skate. Just rest. You have a plane to catch tomorrow.”  Evgeni made a noise of disgust. “Oh gee. Can’t wait to go home.” His wife, Masha, was waiting for him, and between his training regimen for Torino and the new baby on the way, tensions were running high.   “You can always stay at my place,” Alexei offered.   Following his return to Russia, in a strange twist of fate, he and Evgeni had reconnected at the start of the season. It was just around the time Evgeni started training harder, Masha became pregnant, and their marriage hit its first sign of trouble after just three short months of happiness. Alexei was a godsend. When he and Masha were fighting and Evgeni didn’t want to bother Edvin for the umpteenth time with his problems, he went to Alexei’s, sometimes crashing on his couch.  “Drink your tea,” Alexei reminded him, noticing the empty plate.  Evgeni consumed it dutifully, feeling sleepy afterward. “I think I’ll take another nap.”  “I’ll wake you for lunch,” Alexei promised.  He was indeed woken for lunch, and told that Mishin stopped by to visit while he was asleep. Alexei tried to get him to eat some chicken soup, but Evgeni wasn’t very hungry, and ate little of it.   In the afternoon, they watched TV together or Alexei read to him, his voice sweet and soothing. He ate the rest of the soup for dinner. Afterward, he bullied Alexei into letting him take a walk around the hotel. Evgeni was going stir-crazy after spending most of the day in bed. The walk didn’t last long though, and Alexei firmly put him back in bed once they got back.  “But I’m feeling better, Lyosha,” Evgeni protested. “Besides, I have to pack and I don’t know how I’m going to fit all these stuffed animals in.”  “I’ll pack your luggage for you,” Alexei insisted, tossing him one of the said stuffed animals scattered around the room.  They chatted while he packed, expertly fitting all the gifts from Evgeni’s fans into odd nooks and crannies. When he finished, Evgeni asked, “Hey Lyosha, will you stay with me one more night?”  “Sure, Zhenya. Just let me go pack my stuff, and I’ll be back soon.”  Evgeni watched TV while he waited for Lyosha. And just when he was starting to wonder if Alexei forgot about him, Alexei returned freshly showered, his hair still a little damp.   He climbed into bed next to Evgeni, who moved closer to him. He was about to turn off the light when Evgeni’s voice stopped him. “Lyosha?”  “Yeah?”  “Thanks. For taking care of me today.” It was nice to be looked after, Evgeni decided.  Alexei planted another kiss to Evgeni’s forehead and turned off the light. He paused for a moment, and then wriggled closer, snuggling up next to Evgeni.  -Fin-