Pairs fun!

So, in an imaginary world where the ISU have decided to openly back equality in regards to sexuality, they decide to have a one-time-only competition with same sex pairs to raise money for charity.

Each country is invited to put forward two men for their pair.

But here's the trick: the winning country will be rewarded with some kind of massive incentive (IDK, money, extra spot at Worlds, IDK). So the countries are all kind of desperate to win and decide to send the best.

You know where this is going...


America sends Evan and Johnny, which causes a stir. But the biggest stir is caused by Russia's pair.

Alexei and Evgeni.

MAKE THEM SKATE PAIRS FOR ME PLZ!




[Fill] As Far As I Could Throw Him [1/?]

[Here's part one! More of this in the works, but I hope you like it so far, everyone! <3]


There is an English expression, Evgeni thinks. I would not trust him as far as I could throw him.

It would make him laugh, now, except that he can already feel the bruises down his side. Except that Alexei, for as much as he doesn't appear to be taking the expected pleasure from throwing Evgeni onto the ice, is distinctly uninjured.

Evgeni is already hurting from landing on the ice instead of his skate so many times. Alexei is capable of throwing him, but not well, and Evgeni is capable of landing his jumps - usually. He thinks he is still doing especially well, and it is mostly Alexei's fault, but he has not fallen this many times in years.

Still, he has little doubt that this is the only way to go about it if the federation insists on sending him and Alexei. Alexei is shorter, but Evgeni cannot lift him, and it's worth something that Alexei finally admits that Evgeni is much thinner than he is.

"Again," Mishin shouts, and Evgeni studiously ignores Alexei's offered hand as he picks himself up off the ice.


"You see this?" Evgeni asks flatly, pulling down the waistband of his pants so that Alexei can observe the purpling bruises scattered across Evgeni's hip. "You should give up this idea of being a pairs skater, Alexei. I think you will kill your partner."

"I'm supposed to be throwing a woman," Alexei points out. It is a fair point.

It would be fairer if Alexei hadn't spent all morning cracking jokes about Evgeni's Asissay ensemble, as if his wearing a skirt had foreshadowed this.

"Well then," Evgeni says. "I think you will kill me."

Then again, Evgeni thinks, killing him is probably another of Alexei's lifelong dreams. How lucky that he will get to do both at once.

"Zhenya," Alexei begins, but Evgeni has already pulled on his jacket and clomped back to the rink.


[Fill] As Far As I Could Throw Him [2/?]

[Thank you for the kind words, gentle anons! Lots of backstory/montageyness in this one, but there'll be more interaction between Plush and Lyosh soon. <3 A note - I haven't decided exactly when this takes place, but it's somewhere between the 2002 and 2006 Olympics, so Plush is not an Olympic champion yet.]

--

Evgeni has to admit, the jumps feel wonderful after he begins to land them regularly. (After they begin to land them, he supposes. It is still difficult to acknowledge that another person has anything to do with his success, let alone Alexei.)

But the quads - Evgeni has always been good at them, has always been able to jump high and spin quickly. It is just that he can go so much higher when Alexei throws him, so much faster, that it seems easy and impossible all at once. The landings are harder, lower, and less controlled; instinct tells Evgeni to land on one foot, but logic frequently wins out and brings him down on both legs.

Alexei, for all his faults, is a tireless training partner, and doesn't complain when they have repeat the jumps again and again. He stops quite joking so much after the first week - really, after the first time Evgeni yells at him in practice. All the same, he seems happy, and Evgeni doesn't even know why he resents it so much.

Back in his room in the evening, Evgeni drinks two shots of vodka before bed. He is not giving up. He is angry - at Alexei, at the skating officials who decided to ask the two of them instead of anyone else, at the ISU for declaring this stupid contest for a chance at a prize that no skating federation could resist. A hefty cash prize and one extra slot at the next Olympics for whichever nation's skaters bring home gold, plus prestige and cash for the silver and bronze medalists.

Evgeni wants another gold medal. Evgeni always wants another gold medal, because that is how he keeps himself going. He wins a gold medal and he forgets about it; every time he skates, he skates as though he has never won before, he skates as though his family will still suffer if he doesn't beat Alexei.

Now, if Evgeni wins this gold medal, he will be sharing victory with the man who stole the Olympics from him. He is skating his life out for this ridiculous competition, risking injury and exhaustion, gambling his chances for the next Olympics, and he is doing it because he skates for his country and not only for himself.

(He drags himself out of bed and takes another shot before he can fall asleep.)

In the morning, Alexei greets him with a warm and unaffected smile, his eyes crinkling into laugh lines at the corners. Evgeni knows that his own smile is horribly fake, but he is trying, so Alexei cannot possibly complain.

Truth be told, the jumps are much easier than some of the other choreography - the lifts, for example. Evgeni may be relatively thinner than Alexei, but this doesn't make him the size of the girls Alexei has been dreaming of tossing around - Evgeni has to balance himself with his hands on Alexei's shoulders when Alexei lifts him up in front, and it is terrifying, because if either of them lets go for an instant they are both going to fall and Evgeni is going to accidentally castrate Alexei with his skates. (That is the one bit of silver lining to this horrible dark cloud - Alexei has excellent reason not to drop him on purpose.) Alexei lifting Evgeni above his head is out of the question. They will have to make do with excellence in their other elements, it seems.

The solo jumps and spins are not so difficult; Alexei seems to have an easier time syncing his moments to Evgeni's than Evgeni does to his, which is useful but still annoying.

And some things are easy - like joining hands, like skating wide circles with Alexei's hand on his waist, like learning to match their steps so they move as one - but Evgeni dislikes them more than all the lifts and jumps combined, not least because Alexei doesn't seem to mind at all.


[Fill] As Far As I Could Throw Him [3/?]

[[I'm sorry updating is going slowly right now, btw! ;_; some personal stuff came up and I've been having to deal, but it should get better after this week... thank you for your kindness/patience!]]


--

“Look at them,” Alexei says, slouching against the wall around the rink and resting his chin on one palm. Evgeni follows his gaze to their coaches, who have both insisted on taking part in the training alongside the actual pairs coaches; Tarasova and Mishin are sitting near each other by necessity, but avoiding each other’s eyes and scowling. “They have a harder time getting along than we do.”

He is smiling, so Evgeni cannot tell if he is joking or not. “Is it hard for you to work with me?” Evgeni asks, carefully.

Alexei studies him for a moment; Evgeni can see him watching out of the corner of his eye, but keeps his gaze fixed on the far side of the rink. He expects the answer to be Of course.

But Alexei finally says, “Not as hard as I thought it would be,” and Evgeni can hear him smiling. He curls his hands into fists and Alexei doesn’t ask if he feels the same way.

--

Evgeni blames the rest of practice for putting him in a good mood. They land nearly everything, although they are doing mostly the spirals today and the spirals are still unsteady; Evgeni isn't sure that can be helped. After all, as long as Alexei holding on to his waist makes his skin crawl, how is he supposed to skate perfectly with Alexei practically on top of him?

Since things are as they are, however - Evgeni blames the spirals for the answer he gives when Alexei leans over to him after practice and asks him if he wants dinner.

"Of course," Evgeni says automatically, in the midst of yanking off his skates. (He is confused. What he means, of course, is that he wants to eat. Not that he wants to eat with Alexei.) 

"Great," Alexei says, clapping him on the shoulder. "Don't worry, I'll pay."

Evgeni freezes, baffled. Alexei's hand slips off of his arm - Alexei is already dressed, already heading for the door, and all Evgeni manages is an alarmed, "-- Wait."

Alexei glances over his shoulder, notices the laces still in Evgeni's hands, and smirks knowingly. "Be out front in fifteen minutes - if you're later than that, I'll go alone. Zhenya, you like pizza, right?"

And then, as if deliberately avoiding an answer, he steps around the door and pulls it shut behind him.

Evgeni pulls his skates off distractedly, glancing at the closed door every few seconds as he strips out of his practice clothes.

Of course, he isn't going. He can tolerate Alexei as long as he doesn't have to speak to him or look him in the face often; he'll probably snap if he has to sit across a table from him all evening. Particularly if Alexei ever opens his mouth.

He has made up his mind to leave through the back of the rink and avoid Alexei entirely when it occurs to him to just wait until fifteen minutes have passed; it's probably been ten already. Evgeni pulls on his clothes and slumps back onto the bench to gather his things, gazing intently at the clock on the wall. When he's sure it's been twenty minutes at least, he shrugs his bag onto his shoulder and walks out to the front.

And. Either he's unlucky, or Alexei cannot count, or both. 

In any case, Alexei is waiting for him and not even looking at his watch; the keys to his car are dangling from one finger. He's leaning against a pillar with his usual grin, posed as if he expects his picture to be taken at any moment, his arms folded; he raises his eyebrows at Evgeni when he catches sight of him. "Finally."

This is the point at which, according to Evgeni's backup plan, Evgeni will tell him that they are not going to get dinner together, that Evgeni cannot stand even the sight of him, and that Evgeni is going to go eat nothing alone in his room.

Unfortunately, this is also the point at which Alexei turns his back on Evgeni and starts walking away toward his car. Evgeni frowns, feeling considerably put-upon, and starts after him.


