[Fill] Between Lines [1/?]

[Part one! Sorry there's no sex yet, OP - I wrote this and then re-read the prompt and realized you'd asked for them to walk in on actual sex-in-progress. *no reading comprehension* However, that'll be in the next part, which will hopefully make up for it~]



Johnny is aware that his mouth is wide open. He doesn't have the presence of mind to close it.

Yagudin growls something - unpleasant in Russian, glancing down at the man under him in a way which would be a lot scarier if he weren't blushing to the tips of his ears. "I thought you locked the door."

The man under him. Is Plushenko.

Plushenko, who is blindfolded and pinned to the bench in the locker room. Plushenko, who has his hands bound together above his head with the tie Yagudin had been wearing earlier. (Johnny likes that tie. He liked it on Yagudin's neck, but in this context it's - yeah, still pretty awesome. But, uh. What?) "What?" Evgeni snaps. His voice is hoarse and rough and pissed off, but really - needy. He's out of breath. It's kind of hot. "Who is there?"

Holy fucking Gaga on a motorbike, Johnny wants to say. He keeps staring instead. There's a bead of sweat running down the side of Yagudin's face. And okay, Johnny should really be running away now, not checking out Yagudin, but damn.

"Weir," Yagudin snaps, and looks at him again. Okay. Johnny is definitely backing up now. But - is it his imagination, or does Evgeni relax a little at the sound of his name?

"Johnnik?" he asks. He doesn't sound especially homicidal. It's definitely a step below his "do quads, get silver" voice.

"Uh," Johnny says. "Hi, muzh." 

Then he thinks that this probably isn't the best time to use that particular nickname.

"Muzh?" Yagudin demands, planting his free hand on Evgeni's chest and shoving him down on the bench. His other hand has a vice grip on Zhenya's hair - and Johnny's not looking. Definitely not looking. --Actually, Johnny is looking, because the other options are staring at Zhenya's cock or - you know, leaving.

Leaving. Why isn't he?



[Fill] Between Lines [2/?]

[[sorry this is so late, my darling anons! I was distracted by my other fills and by RL business, but don’t worry, I WILL finish this soon. :) Thank you for all your kind words~]]



"Lyosha, it is just a nickname," Zhenya says assuringly, and okay, he definitely sounds calm now. Johnny's relaxing a little himself. "Johnnik is a good friend of mine. And he won't tell anyone - will you."

"Absolutely not," Johnny says - very quickly, because Yagudin is glaring at him. And nooow would be a great time to leave. Except his legs won't move. "Yeah. Uh - my lips? Totally sealed." He's not sure if that expression translates very well, so he says more or less the same thing in Russian, and Yagudin's glare fades a little.

Still. Johnny should just back out the door--

"Johnnik," Zhenya says suddenly, a little smirk tugging at the corner of his mouth. Johnny freezes, halfway through the process of fumbling for the doorknob (unsuccesfully, but he's trying to leave, really). "You are such a good friend - I won't ask you to leave."

"What," Yagudin says. His voice is getting lower and scarier by the minute.

What is pretty much what Johnny wants to ask, too, but instead he just gapes like a dumb fish and tries to think of any way in which this whole thing makes sense. Zhenya - they all thought he was, like, the straight one. And this is just about the most not-straight thing Johnny can imagine walking in on.

And if Zhenya is this comfortable while he's tied up and blindfolded, this can't be the first time he's done it, either and - Johnny is pretty sure that now is not the best time to start imagining that.

Except that what Zhenya says next is, "Sit down, Johnnik," and his voice has gotten low and rough and arrogant and Johnny shivers without meaning to. He should really leave. He should really not go and sit down on the bench across from them. Um. But when has Johnny ever done what he was supposed to?

Yagudin still looks pissed - and Johnny can't really blame him - but Zhenya smirks up at him and says, "You can get back at me later," in a tone of voice that says I know I'm asking for it.

Johnny takes a deep breath and sits down.



[Fill] Between Lines [3/?]

Yagudin shoots Johnny a sharp, suspicious look, but before Johnny can reconsider his position, Evgeni leans up as far as he can and murmurs something in Yagudin's ear. Yagudin grins and drops his head forward, pressing kisses up along the length of Zhenya's throat, completely turning his attentions away from Johnny. It feels weird to watch, because this is - there's no way this is the first time they're doing this, it's too intimate and too private, like it doesn't even matter that there's someone else in the room.

Which is not to say that Johnny's not liking it, cause, um--

Yagudin drags Evgeni's neck into an arch with the hand tangled in his hair and kisses him hard, hungry and possessive, pinning him down on the bench with his shoulders and his chest. Johnny thinks his mouth might be open again, but to be honest he's not really paying enough attention to tell - he's kind of busy listening to the muffled sounds Zhenya's making into Yagudin's mouth, low, obscene moans that send a shiver down his spine. He barely notices what Yagudin's doing with the bottle of lube until his free hand is between Zhenya's thighs and Zhenya gasps, stiffens and shudders against him.

And. Holy Godga in heaven, Johnny's kind of jealous, because Yagudin knows what he's doing. He stops kissing Evgeni and lets him breathe - well, mostly he's swearing, but he's gasping for air in between words. Johnny can't see exactly how many fingers Yagudin has in him, but by how he's moving - by how Zhenya is breathing, harsh, sweat gleaming on his bare skin - the answer has to be several. And Yagudin's just leaning over him, completely in control, just looking at him and smirking with absolute satisfaction.

And Johnny's really trying not to think about himself right now, because he's trying to watch everything, but his cock is sort of - asking for attention right now. He lifts one hand to his mouth and bites down on his knuckles - he's not usually the quiet type, but fuck if he's going to interrupt them now - and drags the tips of his fingers slowly across the front of his jeans.

"Lyosha," Evgeni manages, hoarse and desperate, and Yagudin - Alexei - leans down until their noses touch but doesn't even kiss him, he grins and yanks playfully on Zhenya's hair until the other man hisses in protest. Then he does something with his fingers that looks very - um - creative, which Johnny kind of wants to try right now, and Zhenya moans, "Fuck-- yes," and rocks his hips up, sliding his cock against Alexei's stomach.

But Alexei slows deliberately, kissing Zhenya on the corner of the mouth and resting more of his weight on him as he slides his fingers out and reaches down to snatch the small bottle of lube off the floor. Evgeni scowls blindly up at him, defiantly starting to wrestle with the tie binding his hands together, but he's breathing too hard to make his annoyance convincing. Unconcerned, Alexei shifts, releasing his hair - Zhenya drops his head back on the bench with a huff - and leans down, popping the cap off the lube.


[Fill] Between Lines [4/5]

[[it's finally done! <3 sorry to make you wait so long, guys, I've been having the hardest time dragging myself away from my other fic. Thank you for your patience & support!]]



Evgeni shivers, catching his breath as Alexei fumbles a condom out of his pocket - and it occurs to Johnny that he must have been carrying that around all day, they must have been planning this - and rips off the foil. He takes longer than he needs to pull down the zipper on his jeans, poised over Evgeni's body. Johnny bites his lip, itching to touch himself, or at least tell them to get on with it. 

(He would, but he's pretty sure Zhenya would "accidentally" blade him in the face during the next rehearsal.)

"Hurry up," Zhenya hisses, as Alexei wrestles the rest of the way out of his pants and kicks them onto the floor with his boxers. Alexei bends over and kisses him assertively, effectively shutting him up as he rolls on the condom.

"Be quiet," Alexei says - very gently, but there's a glint in his eyes that Johnny thinks is distinctly evil. "Or I'll gag you as well."

"With what?" Zhenya goads him, smirking, and Johnny can tell he's asking for it - practically demanding it. Alexei just grins, pats him on the cheek and whispers something into his ear. It looks like Later. Johnny wriggles a little on the bench, impatient and hopelessly jealous.

Finally, Alexei settles back on the bench, spreading slick over his cock. At least Johnny can see this; Evgeni is glowering blindly at the ceiling, tension written in every line of his body, shuddering a little whenever Alexei's bare skin brushes his. Alexei doesn't wait much longer; he leans down and kisses the curve of Evgeni's hipbone, and then shoves his legs apart, crawling up between them on the narrow plane of the bench. Johnny holds his breath and hears Zhenya inhale, hears him moan hard as Alexei finally thrusts into him.

"Lyosha," Evgeni groans, his bound hands trembling, fingernails cutting into his palms; the sweat on his chest gleams under the fluorescent locker room lights, his chest heaving as he breathes. Alexei plants his hands on either side of Evgeni's narrow chest, his grin feral and affectionate and a lot of other things that Johnny can't even put a name to. Possessiveness, adoration, desire, need.

Alexei rolls his hips slowly, horribly slowly. Johnny can see Zhenya trembling, clenching his hands and arching his back off the bench when Alexei slides back in, torturously gentle. He gives it to him by inches, by seconds, kissing Evgeni's throat and licking his chest and slowly, slowly starting to move in rhythm, trailing two fingers down the length of Evgeni's cock. Zhenya jerks his hips up with a shallow gasp, turning his head trying to muffle his moans against his arm, and Alexei shoves him down, grinds against him until his mouth falls open on a desperate sound - "Lyosha," Evgeni gasps, "God, Lyosha, come on, please."

And maybe that please was what Alexei's been waiting for. Alexei shudders, grinning, and braces himself with one hand on Evgeni's chest, begins fucking him in earnest in long, hard, rhythmic thrusts. Evgeni's head falls back and he groans raggedly, helplessly rocking his hips up. Johnny rubs the heel of his palm against the swell of his cock through his jeans, biting his lip to keep from crying out when Zhenya does - when Alexei arches a little, changing the angle of his thrusts. Evgeni is coming apart, little gasps and whimpers escaping his mouth even as he fights them back.

"Fuck," Alexei pants, leaning over him, eyes hot; he tries to kiss him, but they're both breathing too hard, can't breathe otherwise, so he presses open-mouthed kisses down Evgeni's neck, wraps his hand around Evgeni's cock and jerks him off in time with increasingly shallow, rough thrusts. Johnny finally gets a hand inside his pants and strokes himself hard while he watches them come, Alexei with a frantic little gasp and Zhenya with a high, obscene moan.



[Fill] Between Lines [5/5]

But Johnny hasn't quite finished when Alexei collapses on top of Evgeni, his head on Evgeni's chest, smirking contentedly - which is really fucking awkward, because Johnny is hard as fuck and really damn close, but he can't jerk off with them just lying there. And Alexei is lazily undoing the tie around Zhenya's wrists, pulling off the blindfold and looking him in the eyes and smiling and - for fuck's sake, Johnny just gives up, just takes his hand out of his pants. He's awkwardly trying to zip his jeans back up without making a sound when Evgeni breaks the kiss that Alexei just initiated and looks over at him.

Johnny freezes. Zhenya's eyes wander from Johnny's face - which is probably hilarious - to Johnny's groin - which shouldn't be as amusing as Zhenya seems to think it is. "Just a minute, Lyosha," Evgeni says tiredly, then pushes Alexei off of him and onto the floor. Evgeni stretches, stands, and walks over to Johnny, laying his hands on his shoulders; Johnny straightens his back and looks at him uncertainly, half expecting that Evgeni just let him stay so he can kill him for walking in.

And then Zhenya sinks to his knees. 

Johnny's mouth falls open again and works soundlessly for a moment, while Zhenya slides his hands along Johnny's legs and owlishly blinks his big blue eyes up at him and smirks.

How the hell is this my life, Johnny wants to ask, and also what the hell are you doing, as Evgeni draws his zipper back down and takes his cock in hand and - oh, never mind, Johnny thinks, never mind anything, because that's when Evgeni starts sucking him off.

The one thing that remains fixed in Johnny's mind as he's moaning, whining even, throwing his head back and tangling his fingers up in Evgeni's (silky, awesome) mullet - the one thing he keeps thinking is how fucking hilarious it is that he ever thought Zhenya was straight. Because those are, like, the most fabulous and not-straight things Zhenya could possibly be doing with his tongue right now, and Johnny is shaking it's so good, curling his toes and trying not to thrust too deep into his mouth, because he's - he's

coming so hard that he can't see straight for a moment afterwards, so he almost misses Evgeni wiping one hand across his mouth with a broad, smug smile on his lips. 

"Better?" he asks Johnny, hauling himself to his feet with a wince. Johnny's kinda impressed that he can still stand. 

"Yeah," is all Johnny knows how to say. "Yeah, um. That was." And that makes Zhenya look way too pleased with himself, but Johnny decides he can let it slide just this once. 

Alexei walks up beside him, their clothes gathered up in his arms, and nudges Evgeni with his shoulder. "Shower?"

"Mm," Evgeni agrees, draping an arm over Alexei's shoulder. He shoots Johnny a quick look before they turn away - "I will see you later, Johnnik." - and he winks.

Life is weird, Johnny thinks, left alone on the bench in the locker room. 

But after all, that’s pretty damn okay.