Fic: Chances

emeraldboots
August 18th, 2010
Title: Chances
Fandom: Figure Skating
Pairing: Alexei Yagudin/Evgeni Plushenko
Rating: R
Word Count: 10,900
Summary: Five times Alexei nearly proposed to Evgeni, and one time he did.
Disclaimer: Based on real people, but the story is completely made up. No harm is intended; no money is being made.
Notes: This takes place in an AU where Evgeni and Yana don't get married. But obviously I couldn't leave out HBIC Yana, so they become BFFs instead. If you want, you can also imagine that they and Alexei will end up having threesomes which is what I like to think. There are one or two other details that are a bit AU as well, but that's the most blatant. Originally posted on skatingkink. 




1. Vancouver, Canada, 2001

Alexei woke up first. He slowly pulled himself out of the daze of the angry, exhausted sleep he¡¯d fallen into last night and found himself blinking at the tumble of blond hair just inches from his nose. 

Of course. He had slept with Evgeni last night. It had almost become a ritual, to drag each other off after every competition together for rough, hate-fueled sex, one of them invariably gleeful and the other furious and bitter. The actual sleeping together part was new, though, and not exactly intentional. 

Very carefully, Alexei drew himself up onto his elbow and looked down at Evgeni. He took a moment to wonder why he was being so careful not to wake him¡ªit wasn¡¯t as if he was particularly concerned about Zhenya getting his beauty sleep¡ªand finally decided that he just really wasn¡¯t looking forward to the inevitable awkward morning-after scene. This was really so much easier when one of them stormed silently out of the room as soon as the sex was over. 

Last night Evgeni had stolen Alexei¡¯s title. He¡¯d won the World Championship gold¡ªhis first¡ªand left Alexei with the silver. Alexei, who¡¯d won the past three World Championships, thank you very much, and would have kept winning if fucking Evgeni Plushenko didn¡¯t keep beating him. 

And then afterwards, Evgeni had to be so infuriatingly smug about it. Alone in the hotel room, he¡¯d positively radiated glee in his victory, not losing his elated smirk even as Alexei stripped his clothes off and pinned him to the bed. It had only made Alexei angrier, and more determined to wipe that look off his face once and for all. He¡¯d fucked Evgeni so ferociously he¡¯d be feeling it for days, and afterwards Evgeni had just kept giving him that same damned smirk, the one that said I¡¯m World Champion and you¡¯re not. 

(Alexei would win his title back. He would. He had to.)

When they¡¯d finally finished, they¡¯d both just collapsed back in the bed, exhausted. Obviously, exhausted enough to both fall asleep and wake up next to each other in the morning. So here they were. 

Alexei noted that sleep had done what he hadn¡¯t been able to¡ªEvgeni had lost the smirk, along with all traces of his smug arrogance from the night before. Now, he was curled into the pillow, his face utterly relaxed except for the contented smile tugging at his lips. He looked¡­peaceful. Alexei hadn¡¯t seen him like this since¡­maybe ever. He looked like an enormous weight had been lifted from him, and he looked breathtakingly beautiful. 

Wait. Where had that come from? Of course, Alexei was perfectly aware that Evgeni was objectively good-looking, especially since he¡¯d grown in the past couple years. (Grown taller than Alexei, irritatingly enough.) He was even used to thinking of Evgeni as his perfect, proud rival. That wasn¡¯t new. 

But watching Evgeni sleep in the bed next to him, Alexei was startled by a strong rush of emotion far different from the usual kind. He wanted to let Evgeni sleep, not in order to avoid uncomfortable scenes, but just to let him sleep. He wanted to lean down and kiss the curve of Evgeni¡¯s smile, not hard and fast but soft and gentle. He wanted to brush back the blond hair and learn, inch by inch, the taste of Evgeni¡¯s body. And he wanted to do it all slowly, carefully, not to antagonize Evgeni but to see him smile like that at Alexei. To see his blue eyes flutter with pleasure and to feel him kiss back. 

Alexei had never felt like this before, and certainly not about Evgeni. It was strange and not altogether enjoyable. But now, he didn¡¯t seem to be able to feel anything else. He couldn¡¯t think about anything except how nice it was to wake up next to Evgeni, to be so close to each other without snapping or yelling or pointedly ignoring each other. To just be. Together. He wanted more of it. 

Which was completely impossible, of course. They were competitors. Rivals. They hated each other. (Alexei repeated that to himself several times.) They pushed each other to be better and better, all because neither could bear to see the other above him on the podium. They couldn¡¯t possibly be anything else, even if Alexei suddenly had to fight back the urge to wake Zhenya and say¡­what? What could he say? I want to sleep with you again? I want to make you smile? I can¡¯t imagine life without you? 

There was no possible way Evgeni could take that at all well. They were too invested in hating each other, especially now with the Olympics next year. There wasn¡¯t room for anything else, and Alexei couldn¡¯t even be sure his feelings were anything more than an early-morning delusion brought on by losing the competition and sleeping in the same bed as Evgeni in rapid succession. 

Actually, that was a perfectly reasonable explanation. Alexei decided he believed it. It certainly made much more sense than whatever bizarre notions he¡¯d been entertaining, that was for sure. He¡¯d put the whole thing out of his mind, get up, get dressed, make enough noise that Evgeni would wake up with a comfortable distance between them, and they¡¯d go on ignoring each other until the next time they clashed. It was a good plan. 

And if Alexei took a moment more to stare at Evgeni¡¯s sleeping face, words flitting through his head almost to the tip of his tongue¡ªcrazy silly words like stay with me forever¡ªwell, he¡¯d put that out of his mind too. 

*

2. Salt Lake City, USA, 2002

After the night Alexei won the Olympic gold medal, the first time he saw Evgeni was at the gala performance. They came face-to-face with each other at the rehearsal, during one of the periods when everyone was running around like crazy trying to get to the proper place. 

Evgeni skidded to a halt when he saw Alexei. His face went completely blank and then, without a word, he whirled and walked away the way he¡¯d come. Alexei very nearly called something after him, but he didn¡¯t really have anything to say. 

It was no different than he¡¯d expected, really. Even so, he found himself surprisingly hurt that Evgeni didn¡¯t have a single word to say about Alexei winning gold at the Olympics. Surely he could have said something, or at least acknowledged Alexei¡¯s presence? They¡¯d been each other¡¯s best competition for years and now it was almost over, at least for Alexei. 

He didn¡¯t see Evgeni again until just before the performance started. At that point, everything had been set up and they were just hanging around backstage waiting to go on. Alexei glanced around the room, mostly because he was bored and there were only so many times he could watch Anton and Elena practice their moves with the Canadian pair, and noted that Evgeni was sitting with Sasha off to one side. Sasha had his arm around Evgeni and was rubbing small circles onto his back. As he watched, Evgeni¡¯s head drooped sideways onto Sasha¡¯s shoulder, his eyes drifting closed.

Now that he was sitting still, Evgeni looked shockingly thin and exhausted. Alexei knew he¡¯d been sick over the past week, but Evgeni had always been prone to illness, and he hadn¡¯t thought much of it. There was plenty of color in his face, despite the weight loss, but Evgeni could put on makeup as well as anyone else. And right now he definitely looked like he should be home in bed, not preparing to skate in tonight¡¯s gala. Not that that was likely to stop him. 

Sasha murmured something into Evgeni¡¯s ear, something that made him smile. Evgeni lifted his head, pointedly brushed off Sasha¡¯s shoulder, and then reached up to his own cheek to check his makeup. Sasha laughed and pulled him back down, wrapping his arm more firmly around Evgeni. 

Alexei felt a fierce surge of jealousy. For just a minute, he absolutely hated Sasha, which was unsettling because normally he quite liked him. But Alexei wanted to be the one to make Zhenya laugh, to wrap his arm around him and let him rest for a moment before going out into the spotlight. He wanted to march right over there, grab Evgeni away from Sasha, and hold him tight in his own arms until he lost that tired, beaten look. 

He didn¡¯t, of course. He made himself turn away and focus on his own preparations, and determinedly didn¡¯t think about Evgeni at all for the rest of the show. (Except when he watched Evgeni skate, of course, but that was a perfectly reasonable time to be thinking of him.)

After the gala was over, he wavered back and forth over whether to go find Evgeni and talk to him. On the one hand, he had no idea how to say what he wanted to say, or even what he wanted, really. On the other hand, tonight might be the last chance before Evgeni went back to Saint Petersburg. He was still debating right up to the point when he went up to Evgeni¡¯s door and knocked. 

Evgeni opened the door and, to Alexei¡¯s mild surprise, didn¡¯t immediately shut it. Maybe he didn¡¯t have the energy; he looked like he was about to collapse. 

Alexei decided to try politeness. ¡°May I come in?¡±

Evgeni blinked. ¡°Why?¡±

¡°So we aren¡¯t hanging around in the hall?¡± Alexei suggested.

Evgeni stared at him some more, leaning on the doorframe a little, and finally said, ¡°Not tonight, Lyosha. I¡¯m tired.¡± 

It was Alexei¡¯s turn to stare. There was a tiny curl in Evgeni¡¯s lips, just a hint of teasing in his tone. Evgeni certainly had a sense of humor and even used to joke with Alexei, but it had been years since he¡¯d willingly shown anything other than competition-level intensity in front of him. Maybe there was some hope after all. 

Alexei let some of his hope show in his smile. ¡°I just want to talk, Zhenya. That¡¯s all.¡± 

Evgeni gave him a strange look, but stepped back from the door to give Alexei space to enter. ¡°Thank you,¡± Alexei said. If anything, that just made Evgeni look at him even more strangely. 

Evgeni crossed to the bed and sank down on it, staring up at Alexei. Not wanting to loom over him, Alexei looked around for a place to sit. Both chairs in the room were holding half-packed bags, so Alexei ended up sitting next to Evgeni on the bed.

Evgeni twisted to look at him. ¡°What did you want to talk about, Lyosha?¡± 

I think I¡¯m in love with you. ¡°Have you ever thought about what we¡¯ll do after¡­after we¡¯re done competing?¡± 

Evgeni¡¯s brows drew together. ¡°No.¡±

¡°Oh, come on, Zhenya. You must have thought about it. After all, neither of us can keep skating forever.¡± 

Evgeni shrugged. ¡°It¡¯s a long way in the future.¡±

¡°Not for me.¡± He made a vague gesture, meant to encompass oncoming age and decrepitude. ¡°I might be able to skate for another season or two, but not much longer.¡± If I could, I¡¯d skate with you forever. 

Evgeni was looking perplexed. ¡°If you want career advice, you¡¯d better go find someone else.¡± 

¡°No, that¡¯s not what I¡­I don¡¯t¡­¡± Alexei hesitated, then daringly reached out to take Evgeni¡¯s hand. Evgeni stared down at their joined fingers like he didn¡¯t quite know what they were. ¡°Zhenya, haven¡¯t you ever thought that we could be something more?¡±

¡°More than what?¡± Evgeni demanded. 

Alexei struggled to find words. ¡°More than just sex. We could be together, really together. If we¡¯re not competing with each other, if we¡¯re not at events together and don¡¯t have the media breathing down our necks all the time¡­¡±

Evgeni snatched his hand away. ¡°You¡¯re presuming a lot. Or did you think I plan to give up?¡± He glared into Alexei¡¯s eyes, and the fire in his voice belied his apparent weariness. ¡°Lyosha. I am going to win the gold medal in Torino.¡± 

He sounded like he expected Alexei to challenge him. Alexei didn¡¯t. ¡°Zhenya, I¡¯m not asking you to give up skating. I just think¡­¡±

¡°Do you really?¡± For a moment they both scowled at each other, and then Evgeni snarled, ¡°What have you ever done for me? Why should I want to have anything more to do with you?¡± 

¡°Because I¡ªI care about you, okay?¡±

¡°You have a funny way of showing it!¡± Somehow Evgeni¡¯s voice managed to conjure up images of furious, bruising sex, of not bothering to be considerate, of icy silence and biting insults, of studied indifference. 

Alexei felt himself flushing, but held his ground. ¡°We were friends once, weren¡¯t we?¡±

Evgeni sighed. ¡°I suppose. But that was a long time ago. Lyosha, you moved away four years ago. What makes you think you still know me at all?¡±

Alexei found himself on his feet, voice raised. ¡°Oh, I don¡¯t know, maybe all the times we¡¯ve been at the same competitions? All the times we¡¯ve fucked?¡± 

Evgeni also jumped to his feet, eyes blazing. ¡°And you think fucking is all it takes? We¡¯ve barely spoken in four years, and suddenly you want to, what, buy me flowers and call me sweetheart?¡± 

¡°If you¡¯d just give me a chance¡ª¡± Alexei spat out, frustrated.

¡°A chance? You¡¯ve had years! I certainly don¡¯t remember you showing any sign you cared about me, any reason to risk having a relationship with you¡ª¡±

¡°You don¡¯t have to risk anything!¡±

¡°Don¡¯t I? What do you think the newspapers would say if they found out, Lyosha? What about the ISU? Our country?¡± 

¡°So you won¡¯t even take a chance? I never thought you were a coward, Zhenya.¡±

¡°I¡¯m not a coward! But I don¡¯t know why I¡¯d want to take a chance with you, after all this time.¡±

¡°Why do you keep sleeping with me, then?¡±

¡°I don¡¯t know!¡±

They¡¯d ended up almost nose-to-nose, shouting at each other. There were several beats of silence as they glared furiously at each other, until Alexei spun on his heel and stalked out of the room.

He shut the door behind him. Clearly, the best thing to do would be to just forget all about Evgeni and deal with his own life. He returned to his room and resolved to do just that. 

*

3. Torino, Italy, 2006

Putting Evgeni out of his mind had been an excellent plan. They each got on with their own lives, and it was almost certainly for the best. By the time Alexei watched the Olympics in Torino, watched Evgeni get his gold medal, he was sure: he was completely over Evgeni Plushenko. 

That didn¡¯t explain why he was so nervous as he went to find Evgeni. Almost like history was repeating itself, he found his way to Evgeni¡¯s room just a couple days before he was due to return home. Unlike four years ago, Evgeni simply called out to enter when Alexei knocked. 

Evgeni was sitting on the floor by the bed, head down, hunched in on himself. He glanced up when Alexei came in, and for a moment Alexei was strongly reminded of the scrawny eleven-year-old Mishin had brusquely introduced all those years ago. The moment passed, but Alexei couldn¡¯t help thinking that Evgeni looked a little lost as he barely responded to Alexei¡¯s presence and just bowed his head again.

Evgeni was holding his medal, Alexei realized suddenly. The gold glinted against his pale skin as he cradled it in cupped hands, looking down at it in seeming confusion, as if it had been someone else who¡¯d stood at the top of the podium while the national anthem played. For a moment Alexei considered reaching down and shaking him, or calling his name, or even just turning around and walking away. He didn¡¯t. He wasn¡¯t sure why it felt so important to be here, but he couldn¡¯t just leave.

When Evgeni finally looked up, Alexei was astonished at how blank his face looked, until he realized it wasn¡¯t blank at all. It was just missing the burning resentment that had been there every time he¡¯d looked at Alexei in the past four years, or more. Evgeni was looking at him questioningly, almost calmly. Alexei had nearly forgotten what that expression looked like in person. 

¡°Zhenya,¡± Alexei said, and then didn¡¯t bother to ask to join him. Evgeni would say no just because he could. Alexei simply folded himself down on the floor next to Evgeni. It was an awkward position, and it had to be uncomfortable even for Evgeni and his ridiculous flexibility, but he didn¡¯t appear to have noticed. Nor did he protest at Alexei¡¯s presumption or whatnot. He shifted to look at Alexei in this new position and stayed silent. ¡°Congratulations,¡± Alexei told him, and hoped it was clear in his voice that he meant it. 

¡°Huh?¡± Evgeni stared at him as if this was the last thing in the world he expected to hear, and honestly, Alexei was starting to worry a little. He looked pointedly at the medal in Evgeni¡¯s hands, and Evgeni blinked at it as if he¡¯d forgotten it was there. (He hadn¡¯t. Alexei could guarantee that.)

¡°I sent you a text message,¡± Alexei continued. ¡°You didn¡¯t respond.¡±

A little more life came into Evgeni¡¯s eyes as he shrugged. ¡°Do you know how many text messages I¡¯ve gotten?¡± It wasn¡¯t a lie, but they both knew he hadn¡¯t missed Alexei¡¯s message. 

This was getting painful, but Alexei was determined to see it through. Plus, now he was concerned about what on earth was going through Evgeni¡¯s head, because he wasn¡¯t acting like he¡¯d just won an Olympic gold medal. ¡°I meant it. I¡¯m happy for you.¡±

Evgeni was still staring at him, but now there was the barest hint of a smile. ¡°So when I didn¡¯t respond to your text message, you decided to come tell me in person?¡±

¡°Something like that.¡±

¡°Thank you.¡± And there it was, the full bright smile, and Alexei was caught completely off guard. Evgeni had meant that as much as Alexei had meant his congratulations. He could hear the respect and pride in Evgeni¡¯s voice. They both had what they wanted now. They were both Olympic champions. There was silence for a while. 

¡°I¡¯m going to retire,¡± Evgeni announced finally. It wasn¡¯t entirely surprising. After all, once you¡¯ve reached the top, where else is there to go? And Evgeni¡¯s body was just as battered as Alexei¡¯s. There was no reason for him to keep skating, and every reason to stop. But yet, if there was one skater in the world Alexei could imagine skating, competing, fighting even after it no longer made sense to do so, it was Evgeni. 

Alexei said nothing. What was there to say?

¡°Maria,¡± Evgeni said, and Alexei bit his tongue at whatever he thought of Evgeni¡¯s wife. Evgeni shrugged. ¡°Maria and her family want me to stop. I¡¯m not a child anymore.¡±

Alexei frowned. He still managed not to say anything, but he thought Maria might have missed the point. 

¡°They¡¯re right,¡± Evgeni pressed on. ¡°My body¡¯s not young anymore. I have too many injuries. And I¡¯ve won everything there is to win.¡± The echo of Alexei¡¯s exact thoughts was eerie, but perhaps that wasn¡¯t particularly surprising either, except that Evgeni sounded like he was trying to convince himself of his reasoning. And Alexei was not going to go down this path again, he wasn¡¯t, but it made his heart ache to hear it. 

¡°Did you feel like this?¡± Evgeni burst out. ¡°When you retired? Like¡­like¡­¡± But his words failed him, and he just gestured helplessly. 

¡°When I watched you here,¡± Alexei said, trying to phrase it right, ¡°I kept thinking, I should be there. I should be on that ice. I should be competing, not watching someone else¡ªwatching you¡ªwin the gold medal.¡± He shrugged. ¡°But that was just because it was the first Olympics since I retired. It¡¯s another world from where I am now.¡±

Evgeni was watching him intently. ¡°It¡¯s different without you,¡± he said, not taking his eyes from Alexei¡¯s face. He looked more vulnerable than Alexei had seen him since he was just a child, and a little lonely. 

Alexei suddenly couldn¡¯t bear to see Evgeni like this. He seemed so sad, and that just wasn¡¯t right. Not now. Maybe not ever, but especially not now. Before he could really think about what he was doing, he pushed himself up and reached down to grab Evgeni¡¯s wrists and haul him to his feet, medal and all. Evgeni made a startled noise, but rose far more smoothly than Alexei had. (And Alexei wasn¡¯t jealous, not at all. Evgeni had just won the Olympics; of course he was in peak physical shape.)

¡°Lyosha, what¡ª¡± Evgeni began, but Alexei didn¡¯t give him a chance to finish. He put two fingers on Evgeni¡¯s lips and grinned and oh yes, there was that spark of anger in Zhenya¡¯s eyes.

¡°Stop looking so annoyed, Zhenya,¡± Alexei ordered. He was definitely enjoying this. ¡°You just won maybe the biggest competition of your life. You should be celebrating. We¡¯re going to celebrate.¡± He took his fingers from Evgeni¡¯s lips to scoop up the medal and settle it around Evgeni¡¯s neck. Taking a step back, he presented his hand. ¡°Dance with me.¡±

¡°Have you lost your mind, Lyosha?¡± asked Evgeni.

¡°It¡¯s a possibility,¡± Alexei admitted.

¡°You want to dance with me?¡± Evgeni repeated. ¡°Here? Now?¡±

¡°Why not? I¡¯m not going to let you just sit here and sulk, or whatever you were doing, and you¡¯d probably refuse to go out to a bar with me. Come on, Zhenya.¡± He took Evgeni¡¯s hand himself and raised his eyebrows. 

Evgeni took it as a challenge, of course. Sometimes whatever they had between them was just so easy. ¡°All right, Lyosha,¡± Evgeni said, wrapping his arm around Alexei¡¯s shoulder. ¡°Dance with me.¡±

Alexei snaked his free hand around Evgeni¡¯s waist and began humming. Tosca, Evgeni¡¯s short program music. Evgeni huffed out a breath of surprised laughter, and he was close enough for Alexei to feel the puff of air against his neck. Alexei tried very hard to just keep humming and not think about how close they were, or how Evgeni¡¯s naked skin had felt against his own back when they¡¯d been sleeping together. He told himself that was all a long time ago, and did his best to believe it.

It was worth it, he decided, whatever madness had possessed him to dance with Evgeni, because Evgeni was finally smiling. Their dancing was slightly off the beat, or maybe Alexei¡¯s humming was, but it didn¡¯t really matter. 

Alexei trailed off partway through the piece of music, but Evgeni didn¡¯t seem to notice. He just wound his other arm around Alexei, held him closer, and sighed softly as they swayed in time to nonexistent music. Maybe he was also thinking about how they¡¯d used to be, or maybe he just needed someone to hold onto. Alexei rested his cheek against Evgeni¡¯s shoulder and held on just as tight. 

¡°Four years from now we¡¯ll both watch someone else win the gold medal,¡± Evgeni murmured in Alexei¡¯s ear. ¡°We could go to Canada and sit in the audience and criticize everyone.¡±

¡°Or we could just watch it on TV while we eat pizza and drink beer,¡± Alexei suggested.

Evgeni snorted. ¡°Yes, with shots of vodka every time someone misses a quad.¡± Alexei could feel the curve of his smile against his neck. 

Alexei closed his eyes. It was so easy to remember how much he¡¯d used to love Evgeni, loved and hated him both, and it was confusing him now.

Evgeni leaned back and tugged at Alexei¡¯s shoulder until he opened his eyes. ¡°Was it hard?¡± he asked quietly. ¡°To watch?¡± Alexei forcibly brought his mind back to the present.

He could only be honest. ¡°It always is. But I wouldn¡¯t have it otherwise.¡±

Evgeni searched his face, biting his lip anxiously. He looked nervous, almost like he was about to step onto the ice to compete, except of course that was exactly what he wasn¡¯t going to do. ¡°It¡¯s okay then?¡±

Before Alexei could consciously think about it, he was reaching out to cup Evgeni¡¯s face with his hands and brush a kiss across his lips. He wasn¡¯t sure what made him do it, or for that matter why Evgeni didn¡¯t push him away. But Evgeni didn¡¯t, and Alexei didn¡¯t pull back like he probably should, and it wasn¡¯t a particularly passionate kiss but it wasn¡¯t exactly casual either. 

When they broke apart, Evgeni was looking at Alexei with the same anxious, lonely look he¡¯d had before. Alexei had a strong impulse to say, leave your wife and be with me instead. I can treat you better. I can make you smile. 

He didn¡¯t. He¡¯d decided four years ago that it wasn¡¯t a good idea, and he stood by that decision. Besides, despite his personal misgivings about the whole thing, Evgeni deserved the chance to make his marriage work out. Alexei wouldn¡¯t get in the middle.

So instead of saying any of that, instead of asking Evgeni for something he didn¡¯t think he could give, he just smiled encouragingly and ran his thumb gently over Evgeni¡¯s lower lip until it was curving upwards again. ¡°It¡¯ll be okay, Zhenka.¡± 

Evgeni watched him silently, the gold medal still hanging around his neck. He took a deep breath, only slightly shaky. ¡°Okay.¡± 

*

4. Saint Petersburg, Russia, 2009

Sometimes Alexei met Evgeni for coffee, when they both had time. Seven years since they¡¯d competed against each other, three since Evgeni had retired, and they were finally getting the hang of the whole friendship idea. They could smile when they saw each other and actually mean it now, and fill a whole conversation with friendly, casual discussion. And it worked, maybe because they understood each other in ways no one could who wasn¡¯t an Olympic champion, a several-times World Champion, and a former bitter enemy. 

They were sitting in their usual coffee shop one afternoon. Alexei had spent the past ten minutes trying to get a rise out of Evgeni (because they might be friends, but that didn¡¯t mean they were about to stop provoking each other) by telling him a decidedly risqu¨¦ story about an actress he¡¯d met and her fondness for whipped cream. He trailed off when he realized that, while Evgeni had been making all the expected responses, his mind seemed to be elsewhere. ¡°Zhenya?¡±

¡°Hmm.¡± Evgeni stirred his half-finished coffee, watching the swirls the spoon made like they were the most fascinating things in the world. After a moment, he shook himself out of whatever world he¡¯d been in and replied, ¡°Really, Lyosha, you sound just like the wicked rogue in some American movie.¡± He smirked at Alexei. ¡°Only shorter.¡± 

Alexei refused to rise to the bait. Last time he¡¯d done so, it had resulted in him picking Evgeni up and carrying him around the room just to prove that he may be shorter, but he was also stronger. He didn¡¯t think the coffee shop would look kindly upon such antics. Instead he just said, ¡°Funny, Zhenya. Very funny.¡± 

Evgeni looked pleased with himself, and his smile was too infectious not to share. They sat in comfortable silence for a few minutes. 

Evgeni broke it by setting his coffee cup down with a determined clunk and saying, ¡°I¡¯m going to return to competition.¡±

Of course, he¡¯d timed it for right when Alexei had taken a sip of his own coffee. Alexei choked, managed to swallow his mouthful instead of spitting it out, sputtered until he got himself under control, and finally looked up to find Evgeni smiling faintly at him. He was just about to complain that that wasn¡¯t funny, Zhenya, stop it, when he realized that Evgeni hadn¡¯t been joking. 

Alexei stared at Evgeni, searching his face just in case he¡¯d misread him after all. ¡°You¡¯re serious,¡± he finally said, after several moments of blinking at Evgeni. 

¡°Of course I¡¯m serious,¡± Evgeni said. His voice was brusque, but his eyes flickered up almost uncertainly at Alexei. ¡°I¡¯m going to compete next year.¡±

Alexei hesitated¡ªthere were so many responses he could make to that. He finally settled on, ¡°Why?¡±

Evgeni shrugged. ¡°I want to win more medals.¡± Alexei watched him steadily, and Evgeni added, ¡°And I want Russia to do well this year.¡± 

¡°You¡¯re going to try to make it to the Olympics,¡± Alexei stated. It sounded absurd¡ªto come back after three years of retirement, less than a year before the Olympics, at age twenty-six, after already having won every title he could win. And yet, it was so very Zhenya that Alexei couldn¡¯t doubt his sincerity. 

Still. Someone ought to inject some common sense into this discussion, at least. ¡°Zhenya, I understand wanting to return to competition¡ªbelieve me, I do. We all think about it after we retire. But when was the last time you did a triple axel? Let alone a quad?¡±

¡°It doesn¡¯t matter. I¡¯ll get my jumps back.¡±

¡°Do you know how hard that will be?¡±

¡°Yes.¡± He met Alexei¡¯s eyes. ¡°It¡¯s always hard, Lyosha. And it¡¯s always worth it.¡± He absently traced circles with his fingertip in a puddle of spilled water on the table, and Alexei abruptly realized that he hadn¡¯t put sugar in his coffee, hadn¡¯t ordered a cookie or sandwich with his drink like he often did. ¡°The others in Russian men¡¯s skating now are good people, good skaters, but I don¡¯t think any of them can make it to the podium at the Olympics. I can. I want to win another Olympic medal for Russia.¡± 

It could easily have sounded arrogant or pretentious, but Evgeni wasn¡¯t either of those things, and he was simply telling the truth. It was sad, really, when Alexei considered that seven years ago in Salt Lake City, there had been so many top-ranked Russians that they¡¯d finished first, second, and fifth in the same discipline. He could tell that Evgeni felt responsible, being the youngest of their generation of skaters, the last to win Olympic gold. 

Alexei wanted Russia to continue their winning streak as much as Evgeni did, but suddenly he could feel Evgeni slipping away from him. It had taken both of them retiring to finally begin to build an actual friendship, and it was a friendship he¡¯d come to value. He wasn¡¯t sure what Evgeni returning to competition would do to them. 

¡°You think you can do it?¡± he asked. It was a stupid question¡ªof course Evgeni thought he could do it¡ªbut he suddenly desperately needed to raise doubts. ¡°You think you can start training now, and win gold at the Olympics next year?¡±

¡°I can try.¡± Evgeni hesitated, and then went on, ¡°My coach thinks I can do it.¡± He left it at that. One of the unspoken truces between them was that they didn¡¯t talk about Mishin. ¡°Yana thinks so, too.¡±

Alexei should have known Yana was involved in this. She was Evgeni¡¯s friend, not his, but he¡¯d met her enough times to come to the conclusion that if Yana wanted the Earth to stop spinning and move in the opposite direction, she could probably make it happen. He hadn¡¯t decided yet whether he thought she was a good influence in Evgeni¡¯s life, or just a terrifying one. ¡°This was her idea, wasn¡¯t it?¡±

Evgeni nodded. ¡°She convinced me to want to compete again, yes. But I want it too.¡± 

¡°No one could possibly say you haven¡¯t done enough for Russia,¡± Alexei said slowly. ¡°You know that, right?¡± 

Evgeni shook his head. ¡°That¡¯s not the point. The point is, I can do more. And I want to.¡±

Alexei looked at him, really looked, hard. Evgeni¡¯s eyes were bright with enthusiasm and there was an air about him of intense anticipation. It was an attitude Alexei was all too familiar with, one he hadn¡¯t seen in years. Three years, to be exact, since Zhenya had stopped competing. He looked happy, never mind that he was talking about doing immense amounts of work, and he looked as far away from Alexei as he¡¯d ever been.

Part of Alexei¡ªa large part¡ªwanted to ask Evgeni not to do this. To stay in his safe, easy retirement, to stay¡­well, to stay with Alexei. He couldn¡¯t shake the feeling that Evgeni was leaving him for the ice, which was absurd on many levels, and yet. 

Alexei was pretty sure he wasn¡¯t in love with Evgeni anymore. That had been years ago, and they¡¯d both grown up since then. But it would be so very easy to fall for him again, and sometimes when Evgeni looked at him, Alexei thought he felt the same way. 

But the thing was, while Yana was frequently terrifying, she was also almost always right. Moreover, she really did care a great deal about Evgeni, maybe as much as Alexei did. If she thought he should return to competition, there was a good chance it was the right decision. 

And they ought to be able to stay friends, Alexei decided. Things were different between them, if for no other reason than that they were older. Evgeni training again and competing didn¡¯t have to erase the past three years and the hesitant understanding they¡¯d built, not if they didn¡¯t want it to.

So Alexei kept quiet and reminded himself that he¡¯d never had any sort of claim on Evgeni in the first place, but all the same he needed to let him go. 

*

5. Saint Petersburg, Russia, 2011

Alexei kissed Evgeni one evening. They¡¯d been inching toward it for years, maybe since they¡¯d started talking to each other again after Torino, maybe longer. There was nothing special about that particular evening, except possibly for how frighteningly normal it had become to meet up when they both had time, have dinner together (Alexei had glared at Evgeni until he¡¯d actually eaten something) and then peacefully watch a movie on TV. Sitting on the same couch, even. When Alexei stopped to think about it, it was kind of mind-boggling.

By the time the end credits were rolling across the screen, they were both nearly asleep, curled into their separate corners of the couch. With an effort, Alexei pushed himself upright. This was the part where he got up, said goodnight, and went home, as usual for their semi-regular evenings in. Only then he glanced over at Evgeni, who was blinking sleepily back at him, and abruptly realized two things: first, he didn¡¯t want to leave. And second, he¡¯d been deluding himself for years. 

Without giving himself time to think about it, he leaned over and gently pressed his lips to Evgeni¡¯s. Almost without hesitation, Evgeni reached out, pulled Alexei closer, and kissed back. Deeper this time, and slow, until somehow Alexei ended up sprawled over Evgeni on the couch, all wrapped up in each other¡¯s arms and making out like teenagers. 

¡°Lyosha,¡± Evgeni said when they broke apart to breathe. He didn¡¯t look at all sleepy now. He looked tousled and a little scared, actually, but there was no way Alexei was going to call him on it. Especially when he took a deep breath and continued, ¡°Stay the night?¡± 

Alexei could feel his smile stretching wide as he nodded, and then leaned down to kiss Evgeni again. 

It was easy, after that, to fall into a pattern. Outwardly, they maintained their somewhat quirky friendship, with coffee dates and press interviews filled with (now mostly good-natured) sniping at each other. And when they could fit it around Evgeni¡¯s training schedule, when it seemed natural to go over to each other¡¯s houses for dinner, they¡¯d end the night in the same bed. Usually they¡¯d even spend the night together. 

Of course, sex¡ªof the non-hate variety¡ªwas not going to fundamentally change who they were. 

¡°You are crazy!¡± Alexei yelled, trying to restrain himself from throwing something across the room. ¡°Completely fucking out of your mind insane! You think you can keep this up for three more years? You¡¯ll kill yourself, and don¡¯t expect me to come to the funeral!¡±

Evgeni glared up at him, eyes blazing, and set aside the ice pack he¡¯d been holding to the ankle he¡¯d strained in practice that day. ¡°I know what I¡¯m doing, Lyosha! You could try having some faith in me, instead of panicking like a child whenever I have the smallest injury.¡±

¡°Panicking like a¡ªexcuse me, who¡¯s acting like a child? You¡¯re the one who doesn¡¯t seem to know what¡¯s good for you.¡±

¡°And you can¡¯t seem to trust me to live my own life!¡±

¡°Not when you keep doing stupid things, no!¡±

Evgeni¡¯s eyes narrowed. ¡°Stupid? Well, if you don¡¯t like it, no one¡¯s forcing you to be here, Lyosha.¡±

¡°Fine then, if you¡¯re going to be like that.¡± Alexei took the immature option, not for the first time and almost certainly not for the last, and stormed out of Evgeni¡¯s apartment. 

But he was not actually totally childish, and what he and Evgeni had was too important to cast aside over one fight. Which was why the next afternoon saw him hanging around outside the rink, waiting for Evgeni to finish practice. 

Standing around outside Mishin¡¯s ice rink was not something that Alexei generally tried to do, a fact he was uncomfortably aware of as he hovered outside the door. So far no one seemed to have paid him any attention, but he really wished Evgeni would hurry up. Not that he actually knew Alexei was out here waiting for him, but he was certainly taking his sweet time finishing up. (Alexei was also uncomfortably aware of the fact that yes, he did have Evgeni¡¯s practice schedule memorized. He was trying not to dwell on it, or at least hoping no one would have reason to ask him about it.)

A car pulled up in front of the building, and a rink attendant got out and walked by him on her way inside. At least, he assumed she was a rink attendant, because she was wearing a nametag and talking intently on her phone. She did a double take as she passed him, though, which meant she probably recognized him. Great. Alexei did his best to look like this was all a perfectly normal thing for him to do. He was pretty sure he didn¡¯t succeed. 

The door opened, and Alexei looked over automatically. It wasn¡¯t Evgeni. It was Artur Gachinski, who looked around until he spotted Alexei and then grinned. It was a surprisingly evil grin. ¡°I heard you were lurking out here,¡± he informed Alexei.

Lurking? Alexei wasn¡¯t lurking. ¡°I¡¯m not lurking,¡± he protested.

¡°How long have you been here, exactly?¡±

¡°Well, if Zhenya would just hurry up, I wouldn¡¯t be waiting so long,¡± Alexei muttered without even thinking about it. On reflection, he probably should have kept his mouth shut. Or said something different at the very least.

Gachinski looked positively gleeful. ¡°Do you two have a date? Or have you just memorized his schedule?¡±

Alexei wondered if Gachinski was taking lessons on how to be obnoxious from Evgeni, or if it was a natural talent. ¡°I just want to talk to him,¡± he said, trying hard not to bark the words out. Sounding angry would just give Gachinski more fuel. ¡°We do that sometimes.¡±

¡°Of course you do,¡± Gachinski smirked, then darted back into the building. ¡°I¡¯ll tell Zhenya you¡¯re waiting for him,¡± he called over his shoulder as he disappeared. Alexei rolled his eyes and tried hard not to think something along the lines of kids these days. 

It was only a few minutes before the door opened again, and this time it was Evgeni. His hair was damp and he had a slightly perplexed look on his face, like maybe Gachinski hadn¡¯t been entirely forthcoming about who exactly was looking for him. 

He raised his eyebrows when he saw Alexei, but the confusion cleared off his face. ¡°Ah. So that¡¯s what Artur meant when he said my boyfriend was waiting for me.¡±

Alexei sputtered. He couldn¡¯t help it. ¡°He what?¡± 

Evgeni looked amused. ¡°He¡¯s just joking around. Artur¡¯s a good kid.¡±

¡°I¡¯m sure he is.¡± Alexei shook his head. ¡°Look, never mind Gachinski. I want to talk to you. But not here, okay?¡± 

Evgeni eyed him for a moment, then shrugged. ¡°Okay. Just let me put this away.¡± He indicated his skating equipment, then gestured vaguely toward his car. 

There was a small sound from the rink building, and Alexei turned in time to see the door closing and a blond head vanishing behind it. He was pretty sure Gachinski had just snapped a picture of the two of them on his phone, but decided not to worry about it. He¡¯d find out when it showed up on the Internet, anyway. 

They were both pretty relaxed these days about being seen together. After all, it was well known that they were friends now, and they never did anything in public to suggest they were more than friends. Sometimes Alexei honestly wondered if it might be okay after all; half of Russia (from Gachinski on up) seemed obsessed with getting the two of them together in one way or another. But¡ªwell, joking was one thing, and reality was another. Alexei would admit that Evgeni had been right about that at least all those years ago in Salt Lake City¡ªif he really was going to keep competing, it wouldn¡¯t do him any favors to be in a relationship with Alexei. 

They ended up back in Evgeni¡¯s apartment, trading wary glances out of the corners of their eyes as Evgeni put his things away. The argument they¡¯d had the previous night still lingered between them, but on the other hand, they¡¯d had so many arguments that it hardly seemed worth disrupting their lives every time a new one came up. 

¡°I¡¯m not going to apologize for last night,¡± Alexei said, once they¡¯d both gotten settled.

Evgeni shot him a wry smile. ¡°Neither am I.¡± 

¡°Okay then,¡± Alexei replied, and they both relaxed a little. It wasn¡¯t going to be that easy, though. He sighed. ¡°You scare me sometimes, Zhenya. I¡¯m worried that you¡¯re going to hurt yourself. You push yourself too hard.¡± 

Evgeni dropped his gaze and fiddled with the fabric of his sweatpants. ¡°Maybe. But only when it¡¯s worthwhile. And I know when to stop.¡±

Much as Alexei didn¡¯t want to get into another fight, he couldn¡¯t help making a skeptical noise. ¡°Really? I know what you¡¯re like in practice, Zhenya. Since when do you stop before you get everything perfect?¡±

Evgeni frowned at him. ¡°The last time you trained with me was when I was fifteen. I¡¯m not fifteen anymore.¡±

¡°I think you sometimes try to be.¡±

Fortunately, Evgeni didn¡¯t take offense. He just looked thoughtful, tilted his head in the way that meant he was about to say something he knew Alexei wouldn¡¯t like, and said, ¡°If you don¡¯t believe me, come watch one of my practices. See for yourself.¡± 

Alexei opened his mouth, shut it, and opened it again. ¡°And that¡¯s supposed to convince me you¡¯re not doing anything stupid?¡± 

Evgeni shrugged. ¡°It¡¯s just a suggestion. You don¡¯t have to.¡± 

Which was a challenge if Alexei had ever heard one. And that was one thing that hadn¡¯t changed in their relationship, and probably never would, so Alexei took him up on it. He wasn¡¯t sure who was calling whose bluff at that point, but regardless, a few days later he was back at the ice rink, and this time he was actually going inside. 

Even though Evgeni had invited him, Alexei had the distinct feeling that he was sneaking in. Possibly this had something to do with the fact that he was trying to avoid anyone who might ask him what he was doing there. (Admittedly a fair question, but not one he wanted to answer.) Especially Gachinski, who was bound to just smirk at him some more.

Thankfully, he managed not to run into anyone except a couple of extremely energetic children who more or less ignored him and, once they had disappeared, Yuko Kavaguti. Yuko was far too amused by Alexei¡¯s explanation that Evgeni had told him to come here in order to settle an argument, but nevertheless she helped him slip inside and find a seat in a shadowy corner where he could watch Zhenya and, hopefully, not be noticed himself. 

Evgeni was partway through his practice session, and neither he nor Mishin so much as glanced in Alexei¡¯s direction. There were a number of other people there, both on the ice and off, most focused entirely on their own business. Maybe Alexei really would be able to avoid attention. 

He concentrated on Evgeni, who was working on his triple axel-quad toe combination. (Lunatic.) His landing from the quad was shaky, fingertips skimming the ice, and he made to do the jump again. Mishin stopped him with a question about his knees and ankle.

Alexei fully expected Evgeni to shake off the inquiry and go on with his practice, but instead he paused thoughtfully, did a small circuit of his patch of ice, and shook his head. Unsurprisingly, he looked frustrated, but he didn¡¯t try to do any more quads that morning. Not that he took it easy, exactly¡ªhe just poured all his energy into some of his smaller, less physically punishing elements. Alexei suddenly understood how Evgeni had pulled off his rather spectacular comeback two years ago. 

By the time Evgeni was wrapping up his practice, Alexei¡­well, he still wasn¡¯t convinced Evgeni knew when to stop. In fact, he was more certain than ever that, if left on his own, Evgeni would push himself to the point of injury. But he did have to admit that Mishin seemed to know when enough was enough, and, moreover, was watching out for Evgeni like a hawk. And Evgeni listened, which was¡­good. 

Evgeni walked past him on his way to the locker room, deliberately looking over at him and letting his mouth quirk up a little. Apparently, Alexei hadn¡¯t been quite as subtle as he¡¯d thought. He stood up and looked at Mishin, who had followed Evgeni over and also looked unsurprised to see Alexei there.

Evgeni hovered by the door for a moment, glancing slightly nervously between his coach and Alexei, like he wasn¡¯t entirely sure he should leave them alone together. Alexei would have agreed with this assessment, but he abruptly decided that he was an adult and he could handle this. Either Evgeni came to the same conclusion or he read it on Alexei¡¯s face, because he turned and vanished out the door. 

Alexei turned back to Mishin, who was looking at him in a determinedly neutral and unthreatening way. ¡°Um. Hello.¡±

¡°Alexei,¡± Mishin said. ¡°Zhenya told me you might be coming by. Although I admit I¡¯m not sure what argument could be settled by you watching him practice.¡± 

Oh. Clearly, Evgeni had told Mishin exactly the same thing Alexei had told Yuko. Suddenly, the whole situation seemed utterly ridiculous, so much so that Alexei had to fight back a laugh. ¡°I think I accused him of acting like he¡¯s still fifteen, and he accused me of thinking he¡¯s still fifteen.¡± He shook his head. ¡°Basically, he¡¯s trying to convince me that he¡¯s not going to kill himself by training too much even though he¡¯s really too old.¡± 

¡°Ah.¡± Mishin raised his eyebrows, and Alexei got the impression he¡¯d understood a lot between the lines. ¡°And are you convinced?¡± 

¡°That he can look after himself? No, not at all,¡± Alexei said bluntly. ¡°But¡­I guess he¡¯s figured that out, hasn¡¯t he?¡± 

Mishin looked pleased. ¡°He knows that at his age, with the injuries he¡¯s had, if he doesn¡¯t do everything right he won¡¯t be able to keep going. He knows he has to listen to me now.¡± 

¡°He¡¯s always listened to you,¡± Alexei muttered, but without the bitterness the words might have had. He hesitated, looked around to make sure Evgeni hadn¡¯t sneaked back in to eavesdrop on them, and asked, ¡°Do you think he can make it? To Sochi, I mean?¡± 

¡°Hmm.¡± Mishin looked at him thoughtfully. ¡°He has the drive to get there, certainly. That¡¯s important.¡±

¡°And physically?¡± Alexei asked.

¡°Physically¡­¡± Mishin shrugged. ¡°His parents weren¡¯t sure if he¡¯d survive his first year.¡± 

Alexei frowned, about to protest this non-answer, until he realized it was Mishin¡¯s way of saying he didn¡¯t know. 

Mishin waited until it was clear Alexei wasn¡¯t going to say anything more, and then continued, ¡°Your support would mean a lot to him, you know.¡± 

Alexei swallowed, and wondered just how much Mishin knew about his and Evgeni¡¯s relationship. He was willing to bet that Mishin was aware there had been a certain amount of teenage sexual experimentation, and then just plain sex. And he had to know that Evgeni and Alexei had spent the past few years building (rebuilding?) their friendship. But how much Evgeni had told him about their current relationship, or how much he¡¯d figured out¡­well, that was a question Alexei would have to ask Evgeni later. 

Mishin was still watching him, waiting for a response. Finally Alexei just said, ¡°I know.¡± He struggled with himself for a moment, and then added, ¡°Thank you. For keeping him safe.¡± He held out his hand.

At last, Mishin smiled as he took it. ¡°Always. Now go find him and make him eat something. Not too much! But something.¡± 

Alexei nodded and left, feeling rather like he¡¯d just finished an extraordinarily complex routine. He found Evgeni outside the locker room. 

¡°So?¡± Evgeni asked.

¡°So what?¡±

¡°So you talked to him, right?¡± Obviously, Evgeni had either resisted the urge to eavesdrop or had just gotten sneakier about it. 

Alexei sighed. ¡°Yes, I talked to him.¡± 

¡°And look, the world hasn¡¯t ended!¡± 

¡°Oh, shut up. We talked about you, if you were wondering.¡± 

¡°Hmm.¡±

¡°He said you should eat something.¡± When Evgeni opened his mouth at that, Alexei rushed on. ¡°You can¡¯t do your jumps if you starve yourself, Zhenya. So come on, we¡¯re going to lunch.¡± 

Evgeni didn¡¯t protest any more as Alexei took them to a nearby caf¨¦. Alexei suspected he only came so willingly because he wanted to hear what Alexei had thought of the practice session, but since he actually ordered something to eat, he figured it counted as a victory. 

Alexei waited until they were settled and mostly finished with their meal. Then he put his fork down and eyed Evgeni across the table. ¡°So. Sochi?¡±

Evgeni looked back at him. ¡°Yes.¡± He looked anxious, almost as if he were waiting for approval. Thinking back to Mishin¡¯s words, Alexei realized that was exactly what Evgeni wanted from him. He couldn¡¯t say why that realization made his stomach flutter like he was a schoolboy with his first crush. 

¡°Okay,¡± Alexei said. ¡°I¡¯ll go with you and watch you win.¡± 

A smile broke across Evgeni¡¯s face, and Alexei had to concentrate to keep his breathing even. But there was still something uncertain in Evgeni¡¯s eyes. Finally he asked, voice almost casual but barely above a whisper, ¡°And if I don¡¯t win?¡±

Alexei shrugged. ¡°You¡¯re already Olympic champion, Zhenya. And we¡¯ve established that you¡¯re too old. Just making it there will be a victory, I think.¡±

¡°If I don¡¯t make it?¡± Evgeni asked, his voice even softer. 

¡°Then I¡¯ll still go with you and we can watch together.¡± Alexei stared him in the eye, willing him to understand how much he meant it. After a moment it seemed that he did, because the uncertainty vanished and he looked nothing but happy. 

Staring at each other across a tiny caf¨¦ table, Alexei had to actually bite his tongue to hold back the words I love you. He wanted nothing more than to reach out, to scoot his chair around the table, put his arm around Zhenya, and never let go. He wanted to say that out loud. But they were still in public. 

¡°Lyosha?¡± Evgeni must have seen some of those thoughts cross Alexei¡¯s face. ¡°Is something wrong?¡± 

Not wrong so much as not enough, Alexei thought, and found some of what was going through his head spilling out of his mouth. ¡°I just wish¡­I want to¡­¡± He bit his lip. ¡°Never mind.¡± 

Evgeni was watching him steadily, and Alexei was pretty sure he knew what he¡¯d almost said. What he still wanted to say. After a moment, though, he dropped his gaze back to his food, and they finished in silence. 

Before they got up to leave, though, Evgeni spoke again. ¡°Lyosha?¡± 

Alexei looked up.

¡°If you had asked me¡­¡± Evgeni hesitated. ¡°If you had asked me, I might have said yes.¡± 

¡°I know,¡± Alexei said quietly. ¡°That¡¯s why I didn¡¯t ask.¡± 

¡°Oh.¡± Evgeni took a few steadying breaths, and Alexei could read the thoughts on his face as easily as he must have been able to read Alexei¡¯s. He could see Evgeni thinking about how it would have ripped him apart to have to make that decision, now while there was still so much he wanted to achieve in a world where he already had too much against him. Could see him almost ready to ask Alexei to wait until he could say yes without reserve, and stopping himself because it wouldn¡¯t be fair to either of them. (Alexei would wait anyway, of course; after all these years that was hardly a question, but he appreciated the thought.)

What Evgeni did say, finally, in a much more lighthearted tone, was, ¡°So, are you going to give me a ride home?¡± 

¡°Sure.¡± Alexei got up, and didn¡¯t take Evgeni¡¯s hand like he wanted to as they left the caf¨¦. Didn¡¯t touch him at all until they were safely back in the privacy of Evgeni¡¯s apartment. 

It wasn¡¯t everything, but it would have to be enough for now. 

* 

6. Sochi, Russia, 2014

Alexei woke up first. Evgeni was a warm weight beside him, and before Alexei was even fully conscious he was reaching out towards him. Slowly he blinked his eyes open, smiling at the tumble of blond hair inches from his nose. 

Last night Evgeni had proved once and for all that determination and hard work could overcome any logical obstacle. He¡¯d won his second Olympic gold medal, here in their home country, after years of exhausting training that he was really too old for. On second thought, maybe what he¡¯d proved was that he was actually insane. Alexei didn¡¯t care, though¡ªeither way, he was hopelessly in love. 

Evgeni was still sound asleep, which was not at all surprising. He looked completely relaxed for the first time in months, curled peacefully against Alexei¡¯s side with a faint smile on his lips. Alexei hated to wake him, but it was a wonder Ari hadn¡¯t already roused Evgeni with demands from the media for interviews. A glance over at the clock told him that it was even later than he¡¯d thought. Apparently, Ari had decided to let them sleep for a while. (Or at least, to let Evgeni sleep, but it wasn¡¯t like he didn¡¯t know Alexei was here.) 

Alexei leaned over, brushed a strand of hair off Evgeni¡¯s cheek, and gently kissed the corner of his mouth. After a moment, Evgeni stirred, hummed contentedly, and snuggled closer. ¡°Mm. G¡¯morning.¡± He blinked sleepily at Alexei, eyes bright. ¡°Is it morning?¡± 

¡°Yes,¡± Alexei said, running his hand over Evgeni¡¯s shoulder. When Evgeni raised himself onto one elbow to look at the clock and ended up staring at it in surprise, Alexei added, ¡°You have the best agent in the world.¡± 

¡°I think you¡¯re right.¡± Evgeni sank back down into the bed, settling himself on top of Alexei. ¡°I should get him something nice.¡± His mind was clearly not on Ari, though, as he leaned forward over Alexei. 

Much as Alexei wanted to encourage him, this was probably not the time. He reached up to grab Evgeni¡¯s shoulders. ¡°We should probably get up now.¡±

Evgeni grinned mischievously down at him. ¡°You think some people might want to talk to me?¡±

¡°I think it¡¯s possible.¡± Alexei gave him a shove and flipped them both over, pinning Evgeni down just to see his reaction. ¡°I think Ari might be wonderful, but he¡¯ll be up here any minute banging on the door.¡± He paused. ¡°No, actually, he¡¯ll probably send Yana. That way she can pick out your clothes for you.¡± 

¡°I can pick clothes,¡± Evgeni protested, but it was halfhearted at best. Yana had made her opinions on the matter very clear, and it was an argument she¡¯d pretty much won years ago. Instead, Evgeni focused on pushing back against Alexei¡¯s chest, trying to get back on top. They rolled over together a couple times before coming to rest in a tangle, Evgeni half-draped over Alexei but not really holding him down. 

¡°Sure you can pick your own clothes,¡± Alexei argued, a little breathless. ¡°And then you end up wearing sweatpants on national television. Or something neon-colored. Or both.¡± 

¡°Yana made me leave the orange sweatpants at home.¡± 

¡°Good.¡± Alexei knew there was no point in asking why Evgeni even owned orange sweatpants¡ªhe¡¯d just explain that they were comfortable. He sat up, pulling Evgeni with him, and studied him to try and make sure none of his many old injuries were giving him trouble. ¡°Are you okay?¡±

Evgeni shrugged. ¡°A little sore. I¡¯m fine.¡± 

Alexei frowned. Given Evgeni¡¯s performance last night, and the way he¡¯d been throwing himself into training for the past few months¡ªhell, for the past few years¡ªhe was willing to bet that Evgeni¡¯s knees (and possibly other parts) were more than just a little sore. Then again, Evgeni had just won the Olympics and was still grinning brilliantly and excitedly in a way that made him look about twelve, so Alexei was also willing to bet that a little pain was not a significant issue for him right now. 

Evgeni¡¯s smile melted into something more teasing and affectionate as he shook his head. ¡°You¡¯re such a mother hen, Lyosha. It would be annoying if it weren¡¯t so cute.¡± 

Alexei couldn¡¯t decide whether to protest being called a mother hen or being told it was cute. Finally he settled on, ¡°It¡¯s your own fault for being completely insane and doing things that no one but you would think is even remotely a good idea.¡± 

¡°Like being in the Olympics when I¡¯m thirty-one?¡±

¡°Like that.¡± 

¡°I won, you know.¡± He actually bounced up and down slightly, making the bed springs creak. Alexei bit back a laugh. Of course the enthusiasm was absolutely justified, but still. 

¡°I know,¡± Alexei told him. ¡°I was there.¡± He tightened his arm around Evgeni. Maybe one day, he¡¯d tell him how absolutely terrifying it had been to watch him compete. He didn¡¯t think he¡¯d ever been that nervous even before any of his own competitions. But sitting up there in the stands with Yana, watching Evgeni take his place on the ice, his insides had been twisting so hard that he¡¯d almost wished he could just skip ten minutes ahead in time and have it over with. Beside him, Yana had been doing a phenomenal job at appearing outwardly calm, but below the casual line of sight she had gripped Alexei¡¯s hand so tightly he could barely feel his fingers. 

Evgeni was giving him a slightly odd look. ¡°What?¡± 

¡°Nothing,¡± Alexei shrugged. ¡°It¡¯s just¡­I¡¯m glad I was there.¡± And it was true. As nerve-wracking as it had been, he wouldn¡¯t have missed seeing Evgeni skate for anything. And afterwards¡ªwhen he was still on the ice, when they realized that no matter what the scores were he¡¯d done something incredible¡ªYana had abandoned her decorum, leaped out of her seat, and hugged Alexei. He¡¯d hugged right back, and their reaction had blended right into the rest of the cheering. It was, after all, their home crowd, and Evgeni had won a lot of friends and fans over the years through sheer determination. 

¡°I¡¯m glad you were there too,¡± Evgeni murmured, and went strangely quiet. 

Alexei turned to him to see that his gleeful smile had been replaced by a more thoughtful look, and remembered the forlorn Evgeni he¡¯d found in Torino. He nudged Evgeni¡¯s shoulder. ¡°You¡¯re not going to get all maudlin on me, are you?¡± 

¡°No, of course not.¡± Evgeni flashed him a quick smile, and Alexei knew he was remembering Torino as well. ¡°Not this time. I was just thinking.¡± 

¡°About?¡±

Evgeni looked down to where his fingers and Alexei¡¯s were weaving patterns together. ¡°I think after Torino, whatever I thought, I wasn¡¯t ready to be done competing.¡± 

¡°Well, that¡¯s obvious,¡± Alexei said, and Evgeni hit him lightly on the arm. A little more seriously, he asked, ¡°And you¡¯re ready now? You are done competing, right?¡± 

Evgeni glanced at him through his eyelashes. ¡°I don¡¯t know. I was thinking of going to Worlds next month and trying to win another medal.¡± 

He sounded so serious that Alexei turned and stared at him full on. A moment later Evgeni¡¯s mouth twitched, and a moment after that they were both laughing, leaning into each other and shaking with mirth even though nothing was really all that funny. Especially since Alexei was pretty sure that Evgeni might really have been serious. 

They were both still giggling as they slid out of bed and began looking around for clothes. Evgeni indeed went for his sweatpants, although as a temporary measure until Yana got there they were certainly acceptable. Alexei searched through his clothing that had found its way into Evgeni¡¯s room for something reasonably presentable. He watched Evgeni as he dressed, almost absently thinking about the way he¡¯d looked last night. He¡¯d seen Evgeni on a lot of podiums, had been on a fair number of them with him (usually on those occasions one or the other of them had been silently attempting murder through force of mind alone, but that wasn¡¯t the point), but he didn¡¯t think he¡¯d ever forget this one. Evgeni wasn¡¯t the kind of person who deliberately revealed his emotions¡ªalthough that didn¡¯t stop everyone from being able to tell anyway¡ªbut he¡¯d been nearly in tears through the whole medals ceremony. The good kind of tears.

(Alexei might possibly have cried a tiny bit himself, and Yana might definitely be never going to let him forget it.) 

Alexei thought about how even after that, after Evgeni had defied everything against him to win the competition that meant so much to him, when he¡¯d managed to extricate himself from assorted media and seen Alexei, he¡¯d lit up. He¡¯d gone straight over to him and engulfed him in a tight hug. They hadn¡¯t exactly been right in public; there¡¯d been no visible cameras, but this was the Olympics and no visible cameras meant nothing. Neither of them had cared. Nor had Ari, who¡¯d just suggested that Evgeni should get some sleep and deal with the rest of the press in the morning. (They had slept. Eventually.) 

¡°Don¡¯t go to Worlds,¡± Alexei blurted out.

¡°No?¡± Evgeni looked at him quizzically. ¡°You have a better idea?¡± 

¡°Yes,¡± Alexei answered, hardly knowing what he was saying but going with it anyway. ¡°Come home and marry me.¡± 

That got Evgeni¡¯s full attention. ¡°What?¡± 

Alexei grabbed his hands and pulled him over to the bed, sitting down on the edge of it with him. ¡°Zhenya. I love you. I want to marry you.¡± 

Evgeni blinked at him, slow and curious but not displeased, and seemed to be trying to make sense of this. ¡°How¡­?¡±

¡°Never mind that.¡± Alexei shook his head. ¡°It doesn¡¯t matter. Evgeni, I want to marry you. If you want to.¡±

¡°Yes.¡± Evgeni¡¯s answer was so fast as to almost be a reflex. Emotions chased themselves across his face too fast to identify all of them, but Alexei thought he recognized surprise at the speed of his answer and a swift flash of happiness. ¡°Yes. I want to marry you, Alexei. I love you, Lyosha.¡± He gave a lopsided smile. ¡°I think we would have killed each other years ago if we didn¡¯t.¡± 

Alexei couldn¡¯t answer right then. Not in words, anyway. Instead, he pushed Evgeni back onto the bed and kissed him as deeply as he could. Evgeni moaned quietly beneath him and reached up to run one hand through Alexei¡¯s hair, the other dancing down his back. The feeling Alexei had then, of having achieved something too big and wonderful to grasp all at once, was one he¡¯d only felt once before in his life, when he¡¯d won Olympic gold in Salt Lake City. There was something ironic there, but he was too busy kissing Zhenya to think about it. 

They broke apart to breathe, and it took both of them a few moments to be able to even think of speaking. And then Evgeni said, grinning, ¡°But we¡¯ll see about Worlds.¡± 

Alexei hit him with a pillow. 