[Fill] Feedback [1b/2]

As Evgeni drains the last of his drink, a drop of vodka spills from the corner of his mouth and runs across his cheek. Barely even thinking, Alexei leans down and drops his empty glass on the floor beside the bed - he doesn't hear a crash, so he doesn't worry about Evgeni having a fit - and catches the drop on his tongue, licking a stripe back across his cheek and pressing his lips to the corner of Evgeni's mouth.

Evgeni puts his glass aside somewhere, laughing a little, low in his throat. Alexei takes this to mean that Evgeni is as tired of talking as he is, particularly when Evgeni grins playfully at him and turns his head to initiate a thoroughly messy kiss. 

It's not like old times: Evgeni didn't used to smile. He used to leave bruises, instead, as many as his hands and teeth could make, and now - he tries to push Alexei back onto the bed, but Alexei twists under him, tosses him up on the pillows and goes after him. Evgeni sits up, rumpled and smirking, and grabs him by the front of his shirt, going after the buttons; his eyes look especially blue in this light, and Alexei would savor the sight of it, except - they are still competing, like always, and Alexei means to win.

Win, or get fucked trying. That's always been their strategy, hasn't it?

Evgeni gets his shirt undone and yanks it down along his arms, and Alexei snarls one hand in his long blond hair, twists it into golden disarray around his hand and uses his grip to pull Evgeni's mouth up against his. For a moment, Evgeni goes along with it, moaning against Alexei's lips - then he drives the palm of his hand into Alexei's stomach and flips them over.

They fight it out for a minute, each scrambling for purchase in the other's clothes and limbs and hair, managing only by a small miracle not to roll off the bed. Finally, Alexei manages to throw him on his back, breathless and nearly laughing, and pounces on him. Evgeni throws his hands up and grabs him by the shoulders, but Alexei wrestles him down in the sheets and holds him there; he presses the heel of his palm up under Evgeni's chin and pushes his head back so he can bite on the side of his neck. He slides two fingers into Evgeni's mouth when Evgeni opens it, and whatever insults Evgeni was about to throw at him come out choked, broken on moans, and - 

SEX BOMB SEX BOMB YOU'RE A 

- and a truly obnoxious ringtone is suddenly playing on the bedside table. 

Alexei swears and sits up, glancing over - BABY YOU CAN TURN ME ON, the phone blares - and only manages to ask "Zhenya, why," before Evgeni pushes him off, rolls onto his back on the side of the bed nearest the table, and picks up his phone.

"Hello," he says, apparently unaware that Alexei is gaping at him. Evgeni runs his fingers through his hair, grinning slowly; he is not even breathing hard, which is more than Alexei can say. "Yes, it's Evgeni. Hi. … I will be at practice tomorrow, early. Mishin says I must be there, ah, 7:45…"

Still vaguely stunned, Alexei pauses to run though a list of the times Evgeni has done this to him lately. In the car, on the train, in the store, in the middle of lunch - yet this, this is the worst. Evgeni apparently cares more about answering his phone than having sex.

Which means that Alexei's rival has gone finally and utterly insane.



[Fill] Feedback [2a/2]

[Thank you for your kind words, everyone. <3 Here's part two! OP, thank you for this awesome prompt. :D]


It isn't as if Evgeni wants to pick up the phone, but this is important - it's one of the coordinators from the rink where he'll be performing next week. Everything needs to be perfect, of course, which is why he answers the phone and tries to forget that he is (busy) in bed with Lyosha. "-- Yes, same time the day after tomorrow. And the day after." 

He leans back against the headboard, draping his free arm over one of the posts; he notices absently as Lyosha leans over and begins rifling through the bedside table for something. Lube, he thinks, and then puts the thought from his mind as the coordinator begins to speak again. Confirming times. "Yes, that's right. Of course. Thank you." And opens his mouth to say goodbye, but the man keeps talking. Something clinks as Lyosha pushes the drawer shut, but he doesn't look, gazing at the ceiling. The vodka has made it hard enough to concentrate as it is. 

" --Yes. Thank you. Yes, fine. Thank you. Good night."

He flicks his phone shut and drops it on the bedside table with a sigh, turning back to Alexei, who -

elbows him in the gut, driving the air out of his lungs, and then pins him against the headboard with his own weight, while his hands are busy somewhere else, grabbing Evgeni's wrist and - Evgeni swears at him, shoves against his chest as Alexei handcuffs his right hand to the nearest post. " --What the hell," he says, glaring ineffectually up at him, unable to really move with Lyosha lying on him. He yanks on the cuffs, but they don't give, and while he's busy spluttering with outrage Alexei traps his free hand and chains that up too. 

Then he picks up Evgeni's phone and throws it across the room.

"You answered your phone," Lyosha says finally, pushing him down in the pillows with one hand. Evgeni scrambles a little, trying to push back, but he can't get any leverage with his arms spread like this; the handcuffs don't give when he tugs at them. (He knows that they won't. That's why he bought these handcuffs, though he wasn't planning on having them used on himself.) "Are you an addict, or do you just not care about sex anymore?"

"That was an important call," Evgeni snaps. "If you were coordinating a show, you'd-"

"No, I wouldn't," Alexei says, and puts a little more weight on the hand on his chest. Evgeni finds he can barely even squirm; the most he can do is tug his wrists against the restraint of the cuffs, which hurts. "Not in bed. Or during lunch."

Evgeni huffs. "That call was from Mishin. I had to pick it up."

… Which is, in retrospect, one of the worst things he could have said.



[Fill] Feedback [2b/2] - orz, HTML fail

"Had to," Lyosha repeats. "Fine, Zhenya, I had to tie you up so you couldn’t answer your phone. That's fair."

"We weren't even doing anything yet," Evgeni says defensively. He is not sulking. He is annoyed. (And hard. His dick is a traitor.)

"You ruined the mood," Alexei says. He reaches over to the bedside table and grabs the lube, which he must have gotten out while Evgeni was on the phone. Along with the handcuffs. Fuck. 

Never trust Alexei, Evgeni reminds himself, a little too late.

"This is also ruining the mood," he says, rattling the handcuffs. Alexei raises his eyebrows, almost casually nudging their hips together as he uncaps the bottle of lube, and Evgeni digs his nails into his palms so he won't moan. 

"Shut up," Alexei says, which Evgeni does, because shutting up spares him the trouble of protesting - and because Alexei chooses that moment to begin pressing kisses down the center of his chest, unbuttoning his shirt with one hand as he goes. He rakes his nails across Evgeni's stomach - not hard, just enough to turn the skin red before he drags his tongue across the same place.

"Fuck," Evgeni gasps, struggling to lean up enough that he can watch. Lyosha pops the button on his jeans, tugs down the zipper, and licks the jut of Evgeni's hipbone as he's yanking his pants and boxers down. He leaves Evgeni's jeans around his knees, keeping his legs trapped almost as much as his arms, and leans up again, leans into him. Alexei kisses his cheeks, his mouth, his jaw as he reaches down, bypassing his cock - damn it - and slowly, too slowly, easing one finger into him.

Alexei kisses the tip of his nose. Evgeni glares balefully up at him, failing to disguise a shudder when Alexei crooks the tip of his finger - almost enough, teasing close enough to make Evgeni jerk his hips up. "You could go faster," Evgeni says acidly.

"I'm being considerate," Alexei says. Evgeni briefly considers headbutting him but remembers that this would probably make Alexei stop entirely. Alexei doesn't take too long to add a second finger, and this time he's kind enough to graze his fingertips across Evgeni's prostate as he thrusts them in. It leaves Evgeni panting hard enough that he can't even tell Lyosha to stop looking at him like that, you smug son of a bitch, which is - very hard indeed. (He is.)



[Fill] Feedback [2c/2]

Then Alexei adds a third finger, because he is so fucking considerate, and Evgeni's hands are shaking so badly that he has to curl them into fists or rattle the cuffs and - they have done this before, Alexei knows what he can take, he doesn't need to be considerate - and if Alexei looks any more smug, Evgeni thinks, he is going to scream, except that that would probably please Alexei even more -

He manages not to groan when Alexei removes his fingers and leans back to get rid of his pants, but this small victory doesn't make him feel any less - well, debauched is the first word that comes to mind, but impatient sounds better. He waits impatiently while Alexei rolls on the condom and grabs the lube again, and impatiently bites the inside of his lip when Alexei runs his fingers tauntingly across the head of his cock, and -

and impatiently moans and swears and sobs and tries to rock his hips up when Alexei finally finally pushes into him. At least, Evgeni thinks (and gasps and gasps), at least Lyosha is not being gentle about this, grinding him down against the mattress until he's up to the hilt. And at least Lyosha is out of breath now, too, panting against Evgeni's collarbone (and licking it, fuck, as if he needed one more thing to-). He slides his hands down Evgeni's sides and they're slick with lube and sweat, but they don't slip, they hold him down in the sheets by his hips as Alexei starts to move.

"God," Evgeni hears himself say, "God, fuck, yes," and Alexei doesn't laugh, he kisses him instead and - at least Evgeni can do this, kiss him for as long as they can both breathe, which - isn't long, because Alexei thrusts harder and of course his aim is impeccable, and - Evgeni manages not to cry out, but whimpers instead when Alexei gathers the presence of mind to bite down on the side of his neck in time with a particularly fantastic roll of his hips.

Evgeni isn't sure whether he hates Alexei for his stamina, or if he hates Alexei for refusing to touch him, or if he hates Alexei for making him moan like this without giving him enough, ever, fucking him into the mattress so hard that his voice cracks, until - fuck - until he feels Alexei come, hears him muffle a groan against Evgeni's throat, feels Alexei's nails dig into his hips as he holds him down - he feels Alexei come but he doesn't, not quite, but he is so close, and -

And Alexei stops moving, kisses Evgeni on the cheek, and pulls out.

Evgeni very nearly screams. He does writhe, yank on the handcuffs so hard that his wrists burn and pray that the headboard snaps - but it doesn't, it won't give, it won't fucking give. He is splayed out on his back, flushed and bound up, his knees bent and spread, stretched to the breaking point and Alexei won't fucking break him already - 

and now Alexei is pushing him back down to the bed, dirty and exhausted and smirking, but not touching him, no, reaching over to rifle with something on the bedside table - "You bastard," Evgeni shouts, except his voice is hoarse and starting to crack, "you bastard, you bastard," he is going to kill Alexei, actually kill him once he gets out of these handcuffs.

Evgeni hears a bottle uncap - lube? - and clenches his hands into fists out of sheer frustration until Alexei finally turns his attentions back to the man sprawled under him. Lyosha is looking disgustingly pleased with himself; he plants one hand on Evgeni's chest, holding him down and just watching and Evgeni flushes harder because he knows he looks as desperate as he feels - he can't catch his breath, and Alexei can feel that, can't he.



[Fill] Feedback [2d/2] - final part!

Alexei doesn't move until Evgeni finally looks at him (glares at him, and if there were any justice in the world he would have lasers shooting from his eyes). But then Lyosha grins, reaches down, and trails - oh, God - slick fingers along the inside of Evgeni's thigh. Evgeni grinds his teeth together and manages not to thrash, although he wants to, if Alexei would get close enough for a second - "You want it, huh?" Alexei asks, as if that is even a question, and Evgeni opens his mouth to tell him to go fuck himself and die and then Alexei wraps his fist around Evgeni's cock.

All the words in Evgeni's mind black out, and what comes out is an awfully desperate moan. He bucks his hips up against Alexei's hand for one glorious moment until Alexei pins him back down, but that's - that's oh, God, Alexei kisses him and jerks him off hard, his hand slick and warm and rough, and that's - enough.

Evgeni buries his face in his Alexei's shoulder, tells Alexei that he hates him, and comes so hard that the colors behind his eyes burst white.

He thinks he moans Alexei's name, once, open-mouthed and wet against his neck, but by the time he comes down he can't remember. Evgeni shivers and gasps for breath, his muscles sore and trembling as Alexei casually shoves him down against the mattress, kneels over him - his legs framing Evgeni's hips - and reaches up to find the catch on the handcuffs.

It occurs to Evgeni that he could probably have found the catch himself. ... Fortunately, his face can't get any redder than it already is. He shifts against the pillows, flexing his wrists as soon as Alexei pulls the handcuffs free.

"Okay," Alexei says, throwing the handcuffs somewhere off the bed. He's still leaning over him, straddling his waist more than his hips now and wearing the kind of smirk that makes Evgeni want to hit him. "Learned your lesson?"

Evgeni almost laughs, but catches it in his throat - he's angry, he reminds himself. He coughs. "What lesson?"

"Next time-" Alexei reaches down and catches him by the chin, presses his thumb against Evgeni's bottom lip and ignores the indignant noise Evgeni makes in response. "Next time, I will break your phone. And then I will leave you tied up for Mishin to find."

"Bastard," Evgeni attempts to say, but can't quite get it out with Lyosha's finger almost in his mouth again - and then Alexei leans down and kisses him, and he gives up speaking in favor of biting at his lips. Alexei enjoys this entirely too much, groans into his mouth and nudges Evgeni back against the headboard, so Evgeni tangles his fingers in his hair and pulls and then sucks on his tongue - and for God's sake, Alexei is getting hard again, which can only be a challenge -

SEX BOMB SEX BOMB YOU'RE A SEX BOMB

And somewhere across the room, Evgeni's phone is ringing.

Evgeni stiffens, straightens up a little, starts to turn toward the sound on impulse. Before he can get up, though, Alexei grabs him by the shoulders, pushes him against the headboard, and gives him a look. Evgeni looks back for a long, agonized moment, before scowling and slouching his shoulders in defeat.

"You would really break my phone," he grumbles, after a moment. Alexei smiles, raises his eyebrows, and sits back on his hips with great satisfaction. The phone goes on ringing. Evgeni casts it one last yearning look before turning back to Alexei and settling against the headboard with a long-suffering sigh. "Fine, Lyosha. We will have it your way."

"Of course," Alexei says, and Evgeni wants to punch him, he does, but just as the phone stops ringing Alexei decides to straddle his leg and kiss him again and - and Evgeni decides that everything can wait until tomorrow.



end