Filled: Knees 1/?

The first time the older male's palm connects with his soft skin, it stings insanely, and immediately brings tears to his bright blue eyes; an involuntary reaction, and he knew, long before the older man opened his mouth, that he would tease him. “What's wrong, Zhen'ka?” He asked the blonde in a mocking tone, “Too much, already?” He brought his hand down on the blonde's bare ass. “You've got a long road in front of you.” He smirked, amusement in his eyes. His hand came down again, and Evgeni's body jumped a bit. He hadn't quite expected it that time. 

“Come on, you can say it,” His hand came down again. Evgeni pressed his face into the pillow, muffling the cry of pain he let out. Every time he was sure he would just go numb, the other managed to hit a particularly sensitive spot. “It would be so much easier if you would just say it.” And again, that familiar sting erupted throughout his body. The worse part of the whole damn thing wasn't even the fact that Evgeni was completely stripped down, while Alexei was still completely clothed, no. The worst of it all was how incredibly hard the younger skater was. His cock was dripping with pre-cum, not that Alexei could see that (thank god). Still, the moans and grunts he was making into the pillow didn't sound like absolute pain. It was obvious that he was enjoying this more than he should, and Alexei was amused, needless to say. 

“Say it!” His hand came down even harder than before. Evgeni yelped, his eyes watering all over again. “'lexei,” He whimpered into the pillow, “S-stop... please.” He begged, though they both knew that wasn't what Alexei wanted to hear, so his hand came down right in the middle of the large red mark covering both of Evgeni's ass cheeks, “Not quite, Zhenya, but that was a nice try.” He said, his voice dripping with sarcasm. 

Alexei grabbed Evgeni's hips and pulled him a little closer to the edge of the bed. This time when something came down on his skin, it very obviously wasn't a skin, not human. Evgeni cried out into the pillow. “You know I hate using this,” Alexei said, his voice a mock-sorrow as he spoke down to the blonde, like he was superior. “I prefer to feel your pale little ass, but... well, it's hard to feel bad when you're being so disobedient.” He brought the leather down on his skin again, though he faltered in his movements when Evgeni actually let out a scream of pure pain. 

The older man's eyes scanned over the thin frame, making sure he hadn't hurt Evgeni too bad. He winced when he saw his buckle had ripped into the blonde's flesh. Alexei folded the belt up, like he really should have in the first place. Now that it was bent in half, with both ends in his hand, he brought the leather down, right over the freshly bleeding wound, which caused another yelp of pain, “Say it, Zhenya.” He repeated himself, his voice back to that taunting sound, rather than the commanding tone from before. 

“Fuck, stop, I can't,” Evgeni started, his voice muffled slightly. His entire body shook from the pain. “Knees, now.” Alexei said, his voice just as firm and commanding as before, once again. Zhenya wasn't complying, and it was definitely getting on Alexei's nerves. 


“I can't,” Evgeni whimpered out. “It h-hurts too much.” He choked back any and all sounds, trying to keep from giving Alexei more material to use against him. 

The older male shrugged, “See if I care, knees, now. You can lean on your arms, but I want you on your knees.”

Evgeni forced himself up. He managed to pull himself up onto his knees, though his legs were spread slightly apart, it hurt too much to hold his knees together any closer. “You look like a slut,” Alexei commented, bitterly. “With your legs spread.” The blonde felt a shiver ripple through him. He took full advantage of being allowed to lean on his arms. He folded them over, and rested his forehead on them. He had no way of holding back any cries of pain now, and that was probably exactly what Alexei wanted. 

The belt came down on his swollen, angry flesh again, and it hit right over that wound. He let out a scream as the pain actually grew to be so intense, he couldn't keep himself up, not even on his knees. His whole body had jerked with that one. Alexei grabbed his hips (one hand still grasping onto the belt) in an attempt to keep him up right. 

He gave the younger male a second to recover, but then brought his hand down on him, rather than the belt. He didn't know if Evgeni was going to be able to take too much more of that, especially with the way that wound was looking. “Fuck,” Evgeni gasped out, and Alexei smirked. He knew that tone. The blonde wasn't going to be able to hold out, and just as he was about to bring his hand down again, “Please! Alexei, fuck me, I can't take it.” He begged, “It hurts...” He added. 

“What hurts, Zhenya?” His ass, obviously, but that wasn't the answer he was looking for. “Why do you hurt, Zhenya?” He continued to use the other's nickname, something that should be loving and sweet in a not so loving and sweet circumstance... There was something about that that Alexei liked, a lot. 

That's when the blonde got stubborn again, he snapped his jaw shut and didn't say anything anymore, so Alexei's hand came down again. “Fuck! I'm hard, please! Lyosha, I need you.” 

“Better,” He pressed one simple kiss against Evgeni's jaw, then climbed onto the bed. He worked on his pants, slowly, knowing the sounds of his fingers fumbling with the jeans, the button and the zipper, would just drive Evgeni insane. He was far from patient, and Alexei was quite aware of this. “Lyosha!” He snapped, and Alexei had to bite back a laugh. “Now, now, Zhenya, patience--...” He actually closed his mouth at the glare that the blonde tossed over his shoulder. Damn those eyes. 

Alexei got his pants undone, he pushed those and his boxers off his hips and down his thighs, though didn't work any further than that. An idea crossed his mind, and he pressed one finger inside of Evgeni. He heard a low moan escape the blonde. He worked the finger inside of him for just a moment, and then added a second. He pushed the digits in and out of Evgeni, then pulled the fingers out. 

Suddenly, Evgeni felt something cold and wet, and, “Oh god!” He gasped, pressing his head into his arms, “L-lyosha, fuck...” He breathed out. 

Alexei smirked a bit. He continued to just tease the other's entrance with his tongue, licking the rim on the circle muscle. Then he pressed his tongue past the ring. He grabbed Evgeni's hips, pulling him back a bit, so he could push his tongue further inside. Judging by the moans and gasps and the way Evgeni's body withered in his grasp, Evgeni was definitely enjoying this. 

Alexei's hand moved from Evgeni's hip to his stomach. He brushed his fingers over the blonde's naval, and then ran the tips of his fingers down his stomach and even lower. He wrapped his fingers around Evgeni's cock and began to stroke as he pressed his tongue against the other's walls. 

[Sorry about any tense fails. -.- I wrote this way too early in the morning.]


Filled: Knees 3/?

His fingers continued to stroke along Evgeni's length, squeezing from time to time, while his tongue pushed in and out of him, wetting the walls and the blonde's entrance. Alexei could feel Evgeni's orgasm build up, could feel his painfully hard erection twitch in his hand, so close. That's when the older male pulled away, hand moving away from his cock, and his tongue leaving his hole. “You better pray that that's enough lube, because that's all you're getting,” He said, voice low. 

Alexei reached up and tugged on Evgeni's hair, “What do you want me to do?”

“Fuck me.” Evgeni said, voice almost sounding broken at this point. He just wanted to cum, so badly, and Alexei was torturing him for his own amusement. 

The older male nodded. He leaned forward, his hand pulling the other's hip back. He pressed the head of his cock against Evgeni's entrance, and then pushed into him. Evgeni let out a low moan, as Alexei filled him, and then held still, giving the blonde a chance to adjust, especially with the lack of lubrication. Evgeni felt all kinds of pain throughout his body; the pain of being stretched, Yagudin's skin just barely brushing against that wound... The sting only added onto his need, “M-move,” He choked out, only hoping Alexei would comply. 

Alexei rolled his hips back and then pressed forward again. He rocked in and out of the younger skater, slowly, just barely pushing inside of him, teasing his entrance. “Alexei!” Evgeni snapped, not sure how much longer he could hold out, and the older male's movements was almost killing his orgasm. 

At hearing his name, Alexei's hips snapped forward, and he pushed into the younger male, all the way. He smirked, enough playtime, Evgeni would be fine. Clearly he had enough time to recover from the spanking and whipping (not that he didn't deserve that anyways, and, obviously, the small break he had given Evgeni was completely out of mercy). 

Alexei began to pound into the younger male, changing his angle on him, purposely avoiding every single sweet spot, including that bundle of nerves that would, at this point, send Evgeni right over the edge. 

Pain began to over-whelm him as Alexei thrust into him hard and fast, yet, his cock was still hard and desperate for attention, and he felt so close. Everything hurt, so much, and Evgeni tried to silence himself. Pain-filled cries filled the room as Alexei slammed into him, over and over. Alexei grunted and groaned, so close to just spilling over the edge, but he wasn't done. He was going to make Evgeni beg and scream... and cry and... he wanted to see those blue eyes water, and then watch as the tears spilled over the edge. He wanted to hear him whimper and beg for release, and scream as pain racked his body. 

Alexei slowed his pace so he could flip the other around, giving him the perfect few of the blonde's face. Evgeni let out a yelp when his ass brushed against the sheets, the sensitive flesh was obviously sensitive due to the inflammation. The older skater grinned, thrusting into him harder, pushing Evgeni's body into the mattress, forcing the angry skin against the bed, causing Evgeni to cry out again. His hands came up to grab at Alexei's shoulders, some kind of leverage, some kind of relief; a relief he so desperately needed. 

He could see the tears slip down the pale cheeks, and he knew that Evgeni couldn't hold out much longer, and he was just so desperate, and, “You're pathetic,” He snapped, and he could actually see hurt in the younger male's eyes. He knew it was next to impossible to make Evgeni Plushenko, of all the people in the world, cry, but he also knew that the blonde wasn't able to fight back the tears that automatically came from the sting, so they just spilled over the edge. 

The look of helplessness in the glossy blue orbs finally got to Alexei, and he felt a little sympathetic. He reached between them, letting go of his grip with one hand, to stroke along Evgeni's length in perfect sync with his thrusts. He purposely re-angled himself, so that he was hitting Evgeni's prostate each and every thrust. The sting had been the only thing to keep Evgeni from coming the first time the older skater thrust into his prostate, but it didn't take very much more of the assault to drive him over the edge.


Filled: Knees 4/4

Evgeni let out a loud scream as he finally came across their stomachs and in Alexei's hand. He collapsed against the bed, and unlike how he would normally continue to rock his hips down against Alexei's, he just lay there. His eyes were glazed over and half-lidded (and he looked like a little boy again, definitely not legal. Those big blue eyes looking up at Alexei always made it impossible for him to hold on much longer.) His jaw was un-hinged in what seemed to be a permanent moan, though his tongue poked out a bit as he panted. His chest heaved with every gasp of air. 

The visual combined with the way Evgeni's muscles spasmed around him so abruptly had been enough to send Alexei over the edge. He thrust in just a couple more times before coming inside of the younger male. He took a moment to catch his breath, and then pulled out of Evgeni. Alexei collapsed beside him, and pulled the other close to his chest. “Zhenya,” He whispered, softly, a hand coming up to brush the other's blonde hair out of his face. Just as he hoped, Evgeni's blue eyes looked at him, curiously. “There you go.” He pressed a kiss to the younger male's forehead. Evgeni gave him a weak smile, and then just curled up against him, content to lay (on his side) with Alexei. 

After a few minutes of silence, minus their heavy breathing, of course, Alexei spoke up again, “I'm sorry, Zhenya. I'll clean you up in a minute, does it hurt?” He asked, obviously referring to the blonde's welt. 

“It isn't that bad,” He whispered in response, “I rather you just left it alone for now.” He fell silent for a moment, then spoke up again, “Thank you.” 

Alexei laughed, “Yeah... You know how much that turned me on?”

“Yes,” Evgeni answered, simply, smirking playfully, though he was completely sincere when he said his next words, “I love you, Lyosha.”

“I love you, too, Zhen'ka.” Alexei pressed another kiss to his forehead, and then just held him close, listening as Zhenya's breathing evened out. 

[Hope this is somewhat what you were looking for.]