Filled: Lifesize 1/?

Posting this despite it being woefully unfinished and still lacking smex because I love you for remembering Yagudin ♥ AU where Yagudin goes to Vancouver as a sports commentator

“This here’s your room: bed, dresser, bathroom down the hall.” Charlie points these features out with his bucket of popcorn. They had interrupted him in the middle of a hockey rerun and the long climb up the stairs has plastered his jersey to the front of his not insubstantial belly. Like everything else in town, a red maple leaf is its main feature. “Breakfast is at eight. Lunch and dinner, you’ll have to fend for yourselves. The missus turns the lights off at midnight so sneak in through the back door and we’ll avoid the walk of shame.” He looks down at their luggage, bursting at the seams with tripods, cameras, and heavy Russian parkas. “You men think you’ll be doing a lot of that?”

“We are journalists,” Alexei says. “There will be no partying for us. Only work.” 

“Right. I’ll leave the spare key beneath the doormat. Put it back after you use it or else the unlucky fellow after you won’t have a bed for the night.”

Alexei nods his assent. He knows the way those things worked, having spent a good few years of his life in New Jersey. Tatiana had been less understanding than Charlie about a boy’s need to explore his boundaries and there had been very few things Alexei liked more than alcohol and dancing.

“We will unpack and leave you to your game.”

Charlie shrugs. “It’s just a repeat anyways. I’m getting prepared for the upcoming games.” He looks at them with almost suspicion. “I hear the Russians making noise about their team. Hockey’s a big sport back home?”

“Yes,” Alexei says. “And if not ice hockey, there’s always figure skating.”

Charlie laughs then stops abruptly as if he’s unsure if Alexei had meant it as a joke. To put him at ease, Alexei laughs too though he’d been perfectly serious. He’s realized long ago that western men do not view figure skating as much of a sport, which is a pity because there is more finesse and elements involved than simply crossing a finish line first. He does not tell Charlie this; the man leaves still chuckling.

Finally alone, they separate to claim their rooms. As the face of their party, Alexei gets first choice. He takes the one closest to the stairs and closes the door, wondering what he’s gotten himself into.

~

Counting Alexei, they are three – a small delegation that started their journey twenty hours ago in St. Petersburg. Peter is the oldest. He has spent nearly twenty-five years working sound for the television station and has been everywhere there is news Russian citizens care about though sports is a hobby of his and he had requested this job specifically. “Vancouver is a beautiful city,” he told Alexei in place of an introduction. “They say it’s as if God smiles upon it.” The cameraman, Tim, is neither religious nor Russian. He is tall and skinny and keeps mostly to himself, which means that nobody knows how he came to work for a Russian news station. There would be rumors except Tim is so blandly nondescript that nobody cares to guess. 

In comparison, Alexei feels like the oddball. He has only held this job for three years and there is no illusion that he would ever have it if not for his numerous medals. He would like to think he does a decent job as a commentator and got picked for this reason alone except Victor, who has reported every Olympics since 1978, can no longer sit for hours on a plane, and that is the real reason Alexei finds himself in somebody’s guestroom in Vancouver.

It is a cozy house. Alexei suspects his room used to belong to Charlie’s child – a son, if the racecar wallpaper is any indication – and they are just a stroll away from Olympic grounds. He can see the Olympic village if he tries hard enough but he doesn’t. There is no use being masochistic so soon in the proceedings.



Filled: Lifesize 2/?

Turning away from the window, he surveys his kingdom for the next two weeks. It’s a child’s room. The cheery red and blue décor reminds him of Superman. The bed with racecar blankets can barely fit an average man. Alexei opens the drawers and finds cars have infiltrated the linings there too.

(His room in Salt Lake City had been sparse. The Olympic organizers provided only the necessities, leaving it up to the athletes to decide how to decorate the rooms. Alexei hadn’t done anything; he was there to skate, not play house. The one decoration he put up at the end of the first week – his gold medal – was the only thing he needed.) 

Peter is humming a song in the room beside his. It takes Alexei a while before he can place it. Bizet‘s Carmen. He had skated to a variation of it years ago.

Almost on its own, his arm goes up, fingers flexed, and Alexei forces it back down. Muscle memory still holds after all that time, almost cruel in tenacity as it tries to convince him he can still do a quad toe. He stuffs the remainder of his clothes into the dresser with particular viciousness. He is not here to indulge in memories. 

Charlie is still watching the game, but he makes room for Alexei on the sofa, holding out his bucket of fluffed calories. “This is the deciding shot,” he whispers to Alexei with near reverence.

Alexei takes some of the popcorn out of politeness. He does not know that much about hockey despite its obvious popularity in the host country. 

They watch for five minutes as people skate back and forth, much is made about strategy, and the wrapping of sore ribs surely a post-game pastime. Charlie tries explaining some of it to him in between yelling at the TV and all Alexei learns about hockey is that ‘this is the ultimate man’s – FOUL YOU UGLY BASTARD. PISS-TAKER. I OUGHTA –”.

Thankfully, the other half of their gracious host couple arrives bearing food to save Alexei from further edification. Maureen is as tiny as her husband is round. They share a hardy cheeriness and the way her eyes light up when she gets a good look at Alexei beneath bright kitchen lights is the same as Charlie’s while talking about the Canadian team.

Alexei knows she wants to say: “Why, you remind me of -” He doesn't want another reminder so soon, when he thought the wound had closed - never healing but no longer gushing red.

He makes his excuses as soon as the last celery’s in the fridge and escapes back to his superhero room, throwing himself on the bed without bothering to take off his shoes. He doesn’t draw the blinds either. In the fading sunlight, the cars chase each other across the walls, around and around until they’re just nipping at one another’s heels.

Unbidden, Evgeni’s voice echoes in his head, When I found out Yagudin left, it was as if I lost something. You turn around, and there’s no one behind you, and no one is in sight ahead. 

Alexei closes his eyes and tries to think about nothing at all.

~

Mishin keeps his medal pinned to the mishmash of bulletins, training schedules, and competition dates that spawn like rampant ivy every summer on the walls of his office. It does not hold a prime location behind his desk; rather, like a magpie’s prize, it peeks from around skate receipts, hides behind the occasional picture of a beaming boy with his own medal around his neck. Gold, always. Mishin has no time for losers.

When Evgeni Plushenko comes to Mishin late one afternoon in October, the trees outside are bare and Mishin’s office is in a state of carefully controlled chaos. Mishin’s medal, however, like the eye of a storm, remains untouched by the frenzy. Alexei does not remember ever seeing the medal displayed so prominently before.


Filled: Lifesize 3/?

He has been training under Mishin at the St. Petersburg Figure Skating Academy for two years now. It has been a difficult two years, but Alexei is confident he is the best pupil Mishin has. He is waiting for Mishin to tell him he’s going to devote his precious lunchtime hours to teaching Alexei jump theory as he has been rumored to have done with 1994 gold medallist Urmanov.

Instead, Mishin ushers in a skinny boy, gawky body overrun by elbows and knees. “This,” he says, patting the boy on the shoulder like a fond uncle. “is Evgeni, Alexei. He is to be my student starting today. You will finally have some competition.”

Alexei studies the boy, taking in his horrible blond mullet and oversized nose. “I’ll beat him,” he declares. “Always.”

Mishin smiles, slow and wide.

~

The Russian team holds a press conference with all their figure skaters but everybody is there only for Evgeni. They stop pretending after introductions; Evgeni gets the next fourteen out of fifteen questions. Alexei slouches in his chair and tries to take notes on what Evgeni prefers to eat before a match. 

(Nothing, he knows. Mishin believes in his skaters going into a match lean and hungry. He prefers them angry and slavering like dogs if possible.)

“Eggs,” Evgeni says. “And a cup of awful green stuff. For strength.”

Lies, Alexei scribbles in his notebook. He doesn’t ask any questions. Halfway through, he sees the moderator looking for the Russian press representative but he has no interest in how confident Evgeni is in winning his second Olympics. 

He leaves an hour later with no quotes.

Alexei’s schedule reads:
Ten minute packet on Plushenko’s quest for gold (nightly)
Commentary: Men’s short program (Tuesday)
Commentary: Men’s free skate (Thursday)
Exclusive interview: Evgeni Plushenko (Saturday)
…

He doesn’t need press conferences to come up with facts about Evgeni to cover ten minutes. In his native tongue, Alexei can talk about Evgeni and figure skating for hours – days. It is not a revelation; they have been rivals since before Alexei discovered sex. A very very long time ago. Know thy enemy. It is the first lesson Mishin ever taught them.


