Fic: Maybe Just Tonight

emeraldboots
August 5th, 2010
Title: Maybe Just Tonight
Fandom: Figure Skating
Pairing: Alexei/Evgeni/Sasha Abt
Rating: NC-17
Word Count: 3000
Summary: Well, how would you celebrate your country sweeping the podium at a major international competition? 
Warning: Underage sex by most definitions. This takes place in 1998, when the three people involved were 15, 17, and 21 years old. Russia changed its age of consent to 14 in 1998, but technically that happened after this story takes place. (Yes, I really did look this up.) The age of consent was changed back to 16 in 2003. In Italy, where this takes place, the age of consent is 14. I think that covers everything, and if any of this is a problem for you, please do not read.
Disclaimer: Based on real people, but the story is completely made up. No harm is intended; no money is being made.
Notes: Takes place immediately after the men's portion of the 1998 European Championships in Milan, Italy. Alexei won gold, Evgeni silver, Sasha bronze. Originally posted on skatingkink and edited a bit since then. 






All the rules seem to have been temporarily rewritten, Sasha thinks. Not that they were ever written in the first place, but there¡¯s a pattern that¡¯s becoming more and more evident with every competition. Tonight it all seems to have disappeared in favor of celebrating. Sasha¡¯s not quite sure what¡¯s happening, but he intends to enjoy it. 

He¡¯s sitting sprawled on the bed in a cramped hotel room, sipping a glass of champagne from the bottle Evgeni had procured from somewhere. Evgeni had waltzed into the room with the bottle and glasses, and Sasha had been too surprised to protest. Evgeni¡¯s usually ridiculously uptight about not indulging in anything that might hurt his chances of winning, but right now he¡¯s actually leaning on Sasha and sipping his own champagne. And smiling, apparently genuinely happy, when normally he¡¯d be sulking about only coming in second. Or bitching at Alexei just because he can and because Alexei beat him. But Alexei¡¯s sitting on the bed across from them, sharing the champagne and the general party atmosphere, and there¡¯s been no sign of any tension all evening. Sasha thinks that if this is the effect a Russian sweep of the podium has, they should really make an effort to do it more often. 

As if reading his mind, Alexei refills his champagne glass and raises it. ¡°To Russia,¡± he says with a smirk.

Sasha leans over to clink their glasses together. ¡°To Russians dominating the podium.¡±

Evgeni raises his glass in their general direction. ¡°And may it happen many more times.¡± Then he adds, ¡°Only next time I¡¯m going to win the gold medal, not Lyosha.¡±

Alexei raises his eyebrows. ¡°You think you¡¯re good enough to beat me?¡± There¡¯s an edge in his voice that¡¯s far too familiar these days.

¡°I know I¡¯m good enough to beat you,¡± Evgeni says, and his tone is even more deliberately provoking. 

¡°What would you do if I won the gold medal?¡± Sasha asks, mostly to avoid an argument. He¡¯s more or less worked out that the next few years are going to be Evgeni and Alexei battling each other for the gold and silver, and he¡¯ll eventually get around to resigning himself to a lot of bronze medals. Although it never does to completely give up on winning. 

Evgeni scoots around to stare at him, and cocks his head as if he¡¯s giving the question very serious thought. ¡°I¡¯d say congratulations,¡± he says finally.

¡°Really?¡± Sasha asks, not sure whether to be amused or incredulous.

Evgeni nods firmly. ¡°Yes. I¡¯d say, ¡®Congratulations, Sasha.¡¯ Like this.¡± With that, he sets his glass down on the nightstand, crawls onto Sasha¡¯s lap, and gives him a very sloppy, champagne-flavored kiss. Before Sasha can figure out whether he should protest or kiss back, Evgeni pulls away with a bright grin. ¡°Congratulations, Sasha.¡± 

It occurs to Sasha that he¡¯s got a fifteen-year-old sitting in his lap, a fifteen-year-old who just kissed him and looks like he¡¯s considering doing it again, and this is something he should really discourage. ¡°Zhenya,¡± he begins, and then doesn¡¯t quite know what to say next.

Evgeni puts his hands on Sasha¡¯s shoulders and looks him in the eyes. ¡°I¡¯m only a little bit drunk, Sasha. I know what I¡¯m doing. And don¡¯t say I¡¯m too young, because I can take care of myself.¡± And the thing is, it¡¯s true. Evgeni¡¯s been taking care of himself for years, and he¡¯s never let his age stop him from doing anything. Sasha slides his eyes sideways towards the nightstand, and judging from the amount of champagne left in Evgeni¡¯s abandoned glass, he¡¯s telling the truth about that too. Not that that¡¯s any excuse, because Sasha¡¯s the oldest one here and as such he should be the one who knows better. 

Evgeni interrupts his moral dilemma by kissing him again. This time it¡¯s less sloppy, less silly, with definite intent behind it. Sasha resists for a moment more before giving in. He just won a medal at Euros, he¡¯s completely in favor of celebratory making out, and there¡¯s really no resisting a determined Evgeni Plushenko. But he can give as good as he gets, so he wraps the arm without the champagne around Evgeni and deepens the kiss. Evgeni makes a happy sound into his mouth. 

¡°How come I don¡¯t get congratulations like that?¡± Alexei asks from the other bed. He sounds distinctly petulant, but when Sasha opens his eyes and breaks away from Evgeni to look at him, he¡¯s smiling. ¡°I actually won, you know.¡±

Judging from the way Evgeni tenses, he knows that very well, and he¡¯s not nearly as relaxed about it as he appeared earlier. Sasha leans around him and says with exaggerated precision, ¡°Congratulations, Lyosha. I¡¯d kiss you, but I¡¯m trapped here at the moment.¡± 

Alexei snorts, and Evgeni grins, his unhappiness passing as quickly as it had come. ¡°Oh, for longer than a moment, I think,¡± Evgeni says. He plucks Sasha¡¯s champagne glass out of his hand and sets it aside before tossing a smirk over his shoulder at Alexei. ¡°But maybe Lyosha will enjoy it anyway.¡± With that, he re-settles his weight and gets to work unbuttoning Sasha¡¯s shirt.

Sasha¡¯s eyes meet Alexei¡¯s for a moment over Evgeni¡¯s shoulder. He can¡¯t quite read the look Alexei¡¯s giving them, which at first appears to be focused with laser intensity on Evgeni. When Alexei notices Sasha looking his way, he raises his eyebrows as if in challenge: Are you doing this, or not? That sort of goading isn¡¯t really as effective on Sasha as it probably would be on Zhenya, but it doesn¡¯t matter. Yes, he¡¯s doing this. 

Evgeni¡¯s leaning in to kiss him again, his hands slipping under the shirt that he¡¯s finally gotten completely unbuttoned to run over Sasha¡¯s bare skin. Sasha mimics the movement, pushing Evgeni¡¯s t-shirt up until it¡¯s tangled under his armpits, and breaks away from his mouth to lick a path up his neck. 

Evgeni shivers and groans on Sasha¡¯s lap, then turns the motion into a deliberate roll of his hips. It¡¯s Sasha¡¯s turn to groan. He doesn¡¯t have much leverage with all of Evgeni¡¯s weight pinning him down, so he drags his hands down Evgeni¡¯s back until he can grip his ass and pull him into another thrust. Evgeni murmurs something incoherent and grinds down hard, leaning into Sasha¡¯s chest until they both topple over sideways onto the bed.

They¡¯re kissing again, deep and wet and increasingly sloppy as they struggle to get themselves lined up without losing a bit of contact with each other¡¯s bodies. Finally Sasha manages to get one leg in between Evgeni¡¯s, angling them so they can each rub against each other, and even through the layers of denim and cotton it feels amazing. 

¡°You¡¯re wearing too many clothes,¡± Alexei growls. Evgeni and Sasha both stop and untangle themselves just enough to turn and look at him. He¡¯s lounging back on the other bed, one hand pressed against the obvious bulge in his jeans, and clearly he¡¯s taken his own advice because his shirt is nowhere to be seen. 

¡°He wants us to get undressed, Sasha,¡± Evgeni says. Sasha¡¯s pretty sure he¡¯s trying to sound casually taunting, but his voice is a little too breathless to pull it off.

Sasha¡¯s a bit better at keeping his voice under control. It¡¯s a distinct advantage of no longer being a teenager. ¡°Then I suppose we¡¯d better do as he says, hm?¡±

¡°I don¡¯t know.¡± Evgeni turns his back on Alexei, but raises his voice so that he can still hear. ¡°I don¡¯t think it¡¯s good for him to get what he wants all the time.¡± Safely hidden from Alexei¡¯s view, he smirks at Sasha. There¡¯s something just a little too sharp in his grin. 

¡°Maybe,¡± Sasha allows. ¡°But sometimes he has good ideas. We could indulge him.¡± He pushes Evgeni onto his back and leans over until their noses brush, trailing one hand very visibly down Evgeni¡¯s stomach until it¡¯s resting just past the waistline of his pants. Then he looks up and gives Alexei the small, subtle smile he¡¯s been told looks remarkably evil. ¡°Eventually.¡±

¡°Oh, for fuck¡¯s sake,¡± Alexei says. He jumps to his feet and stalks toward them. It¡¯s only really two steps, since the room is so small, but it¡¯s nevertheless impressive. He glares down at Sasha. ¡°I thought you¡¯re supposed to be the nice one.¡± 

¡°Am I?¡± Sasha asks, raising his eyebrows. 

Beside him, Evgeni snickers. ¡°Lyosha¡¯s just impatient. He¡¯s always impatient, aren¡¯t you, Lyosha?¡±

Alexei opens his mouth to respond, but Sasha beats him to it. ¡°Well, we can¡¯t have that. We¡¯re celebrating winning medals, after all.¡± He rolls onto his back, flings one arm out dramatically, and gives Alexei just a little bit of a pout. ¡°Lyosha, maybe you¡¯d better show us how to do it properly.¡± 

That¡¯s all the invitation Alexei needs. He pounces¡ªthat¡¯s really the only word to describe it¡ªand in an astonishingly short time, all three of them are more or less naked. It¡¯s fortunate none of them are particularly large people, as the bed is definitely not designed for three. They end up all squished together, with Alexei lying on top of Sasha and looking ridiculously smug. 

¡°Better?¡± Sasha asks, a little breathlessly. (Lyosha¡¯s not tall, but he¡¯s no lightweight either, and also his hands are wandering all over Sasha¡¯s bare skin, which is¡­distracting.) 

¡°Much better,¡± Alexei says, and takes one hand off Sasha¡¯s body to include Evgeni in his groping. His breath tickles Sasha¡¯s chin. ¡°You can carry on now.¡± 

¡°Oh, we will,¡± Sasha assures him, with a quick glance sideways to where Evgeni is plastered against him. ¡°But first¡­¡± He surges upward, taking Alexei by surprise, and manages to flip them both over. Now he¡¯s the one lying on top of Alexei, his hands on Alexei¡¯s shoulders pinning him to the mattress. Evgeni props himself up on his elbow and stares avidly. 

Sasha inches his way down Alexei¡¯s body and pauses to swirl his tongue around one of his nipples. Alexei makes a sound of surprise and pleasure, so Sasha repeats the move on his other nipple. He keeps going, down Alexei¡¯s chest and stomach, and then shoots him the dirtiest smile he can manage before wrapping one hand around the base of Alexei¡¯s cock and taking the head into his mouth. 

Alexei, it turns out, is very loud in bed. ¡°Oh fuck, Sasha,¡± he groans as Sasha flutters his tongue over his dick, and becomes even less coherent as Sasha begins moving his hand and lips in rhythm. 

He doesn¡¯t keep it up for long, though¡ªjust long enough to get Alexei truly worked up, babbling profanities to the ceiling and tugging on Sasha¡¯s hair. Then he pulls his mouth off with a small pop, sits up on his knees, and waits until Alexei blinks up at him. He grins wickedly and says, ¡°You wanted us to carry on, Lyosha?¡±

He reaches out for Evgeni, running his hand down his side before wrapping it around his dick. Evgeni obligingly scoots even closer, until Sasha¡¯s fingers are rubbing against the outside of Alexei¡¯s thigh with every stroke. 

Evgeni makes a little noise in his throat, wriggling and thrusting into Sasha¡¯s hand as best he can at this angle. ¡°You were¡ªoh¡ªyou were right, Sasha,¡± he gasps out. ¡°Sometimes he does have good ideas.¡± He stretches one arm out to pat Alexei on the chest, just in case they couldn¡¯t figure out who ¡°he¡± was.

Alexei glares at them both. ¡°Sasha, you bastard,¡± he snarls. He sounds almost impressed, but mostly just really horny and desperate. 

So Sasha says, ¡°Be nice, Lyosha. Zhenya, maybe you should make him be quiet.¡± 

Evgeni looks at him with wide dark blue eyes, and he also seems a little impressed before he pushes himself up, flops half on top of Alexei, and seals their lips together. 

If it hadn¡¯t been obvious before, it¡¯s pretty clear now that this isn¡¯t the first time Evgeni and Alexei have been in bed together. Their kiss is fierce, forceful, both of them seizing the smallest opportunities to grab control from the other. Sasha takes advantage of their distraction to reposition himself on the other side of Alexei. When Alexei tries to roll over and get on top of Evgeni, he finds himself effectively pinned on his back by both of them, one on each side. 

¡°Going somewhere?¡± Evgeni breathes, his lips red and swollen but tilted crazily in a smile. Alexei swallows, but can¡¯t seem to get any words out. 

Sasha leans in to nip at Alexei¡¯s lips. ¡°I think he¡¯s good right here,¡± he says, shifting just slightly to press his own hard cock up against the curve of Alexei¡¯s hip, and gently rocks against him. Alexei draws in a deep, shuddering breath, and Sasha reaches across his body to take hold of Evgeni¡¯s cock again. 

He¡¯s half on top of Alexei, their faces nearly pressed check to cheek. They both watch Evgeni gasp and shudder as Sasha jerks him off in long, easy strokes. Just before he comes, he arches his back like a cat and flings one hand out wildly, searching for something to grab hold of. Somehow¡ªand they¡¯re all so tangled together at this point that Sasha can¡¯t for the life of him figure out how¡ªAlexei gets a hand free and clasps it tight around Evgeni¡¯s groping fingers. 

Evgeni comes with a high moan that makes Sasha thrust harder and faster against Alexei¡¯s leg. His hand keeps moving on Evgeni, working him through his orgasm until he falls back on the bed, chest heaving. 

Alexei unwinds his fingers from Evgeni¡¯s and works his arm under Sasha and around his back, pulling them tighter together. Sasha buries his face in Alexei¡¯s neck and throws one leg over and between Alexei¡¯s, trying to press closer. He can feel Alexei¡¯s hands on his hips, steadying him as his movements grow increasingly frantic. He finally comes, jerking wildly against the hard muscle of Alexei¡¯s thigh, biting down on the crook of Alexei¡¯s neck to stifle his cries.

He stays still a moment on Alexei¡¯s chest, face still hidden, just breathing. Alexei¡¯s arms come up to wrap around him for a heartbeat before disappearing, maybe to reach out for Evgeni. He can feel Alexei¡¯s hard cock digging into his thigh. 

When Sasha finally looks up, Alexei is staring at him intently. His breath is fast and shallow as he says, ¡°Gonna finish what you started?¡± If he means to sound challenging, it doesn¡¯t work. It¡¯s more whiny than anything else, but at this point he can probably be forgiven. 

Sasha absolutely intends to finish what he started. He crawls back down Alexei¡¯s body and takes his dick in his mouth, enjoying the noise Alexei makes as he does. Above him, Evgeni shifts around to nuzzle at Alexei¡¯s neck, and between the two of them Alexei¡¯s probably going to need to wear a scarf tomorrow. Good thing it¡¯s winter. 

Sasha hollows his cheeks and sucks gently, and that¡¯s all it takes. Alexei comes with a shout, one hand so tight on Sasha¡¯s shoulder it¡¯ll probably leave bruises, and Sasha licks his cock clean before drawing back and moving back up to the head of the bed. 

They all lie there for a few minutes. Sasha can feel the adrenaline from the competition slowly trickle away, and if all three of them weren¡¯t disgustingly sticky and awkwardly squashed together, he thinks they could just drift off to sleep right there. 

It¡¯s Alexei who¡¯s the first one who gets tired of the messy state they¡¯re all in. He obviously doesn¡¯t really want to get up, though, and anyway he¡¯s sandwiched between Evgeni and Sasha, so he just sort of thrashes around until he can grab one of the pillows. He strips off the pillowcase, uses it to get them all more or less clean, and then tosses it over Sasha and onto the floor. Sasha mentally shrugs. It¡¯s probably better than anything else he could have used, like the sheets or any of the scattered articles of clothing that they¡¯ll probably have to put back on in the near future, but he hopes the hotel¡¯s cleaning staff is paid very well. 

They¡¯re going to have to get up eventually, get back to what passes for normal, but Sasha¡¯s far too comfortable right now. Beside him, he can hear Alexei¡¯s breathing even out.

With a rustle, Evgeni swings his feet onto the floor. Sasha leans up on his elbows and watches him scoop up a half-full champagne glass, then pad around the bed. He hands Sasha the glass and squeezes in next to him. Sasha drinks slowly, letting the champagne wash away the taste of Alexei¡¯s come as it slides down his throat. He offers the glass to Evgeni, who drinks like he¡¯s sealing a promise.

¡°I am going to win next time,¡± Evgeni says. His face is deadly serious, and his voice almost sounds like a fully-grown man¡¯s except it cracks a little at the end. 

¡°I¡¯m going to win too,¡± Sasha says, and nudges Evgeni¡¯s shoulder. ¡°As long as you¡¯re not there to beat me.¡± That gets a smile from Evgeni, and Sasha smiles in response and drains the champagne. 

On his other side, Alexei, who¡¯s either asleep or nearly there, rolls over towards him and cuddles closer. Evgeni plucks the glass from Sasha¡¯s fingers and sets it down on the floor somewhere, then pushes him back down into bed, sighing a little as he relaxes against Sasha¡¯s chest. 

The bed is cramped, the room is a mess, and everything is going to be extremely awkward in the morning. But Sasha closes his eyes anyway, wraps his arm around Evgeni, and decides that maybe he¡¯ll sleep here tonight after all.