Memories of Gold and Silver  title: Memories of Gold and Silver rating: PG pairing: Evgeni/Alexei disclaimer: To the best of my knowledge, it never happened. Any resemblance to actual persons or relationships is the result of good guessing. I'm not making any money off of this and I own nothing. summary: At Evgeni's place, he can't help but study the medals on his wall...   A little drabble that came out of watching vids of Yags. ;__; (Not sure if I got the time line w/ Zagainov right. Please correct if wrong.) Also, There's no fixed year for this fic; can be any time after Torino.   Zhenya leaves to get them drinks from the kitchen. Alexei waits in the living room, until his eyes wander and he notices a gleam of gold on the wall out in the hallway.  He walks out into the hallway where Evgeni’s medals line the wall in chronological order. He doesn’t have every medal up - goodness no, the length of the hallway wouldn’t be enough to cover them all. But Evgeni does have the important ones. Torino, Salt Lake City...   Alexei stops at that one, studying the small, silver medal. He smiles, knowing that he has the matching gold. It is his, and nothing can ever take that away. Still, the twitch in his lips disappears when he sees the 2001 Worlds gold medal.   It was one of the lowest points in his life, he remembers. He was afraid to skate for a month afterward, images of Evgeni’s smirking face at Worlds haunting him every time he laced up his boots. Tatiana suggested a sports psychologist, Zagainov, and Alexei remembers agreeing readily. Now that he looks back on it, there’s something a little sinister about Rudolph, but at the time in Salt Lake, he clung to Zagainov for dear life. He drank in every encouraging word Rudolph spoke to him in the locker room until Tatiana came to get both of them for the free skate.  Alexei’s eyes refocus as they flit to one of the earliest medals on the wall - Evgeni’s first national title. One of many that he would repeat. One that Alexei would never have, not now. Swallowing a lump in his throat, Alexei wistfully reaches out to touch the medal.   Before he can touch it, a voice startles him. “Lyosha?”  Alexei turns his head toward the sound and sees Evgeni approaching with drinks. He’s wearing his trademark smirk as he hands Alexei a drink. Evgeni opens his mouth, about to make a smart comment about his medals, before he realizes which one Alexei is looking at.  He falls silent, and Alexei is grateful. He doesn’t want to hear, “I’m sorry,” because it would be a lie. He doesn’t want Evgeni to say, “It was all politics,” because Alexei knows that, too. He knows it, and yet, that knowledge has never been enough to quell the taste of bitterness on his tongue and the burning sensation in the pit of his gut every time he thinks about it.   Not that-- not that he thinks about it often, any more. There was a time when he thought about it obsessively, but that’s long past, and it’s only when he sees the medals on Evgeni’s wall that he really remembers.  Evgeni looks at him tenderly, brings his hand up to cup Alexei’s chin. He draws Alexei in for a gentle, affectionate kiss. He pulls back, searching Alexei’s face, when Alexei meets his lips again. This time there’s a heat between them, burning, searing. They come up for air eventually. Alexei studies him, hungry for more.   It’s not enough to permanently erase those feelings of longing and bitterness. Nothing will ever be enough. But for now, just for right now, Alexei can forget.    The next time Alexei visits Evgeni, he studies the wall. This time, there is no national medal hung upon it.  Fin