Fic: Morning Coffee

dreamsandwords
May 25th, 2010
Current Location:bedroom
Current Mood: peaceful
Title: Morning Coffee
Pairing: Evgeni/Alexei
Rating: Ridiculously G...maybe PG for hints, tho.
Disclaimer: This never happened and I'm not saying it did. No harm or libel intended. No money made.
Summary: Alexei likes to bring Evgeni coffee.
Notes: Because there's never fluff written for these two, have some happy domestic fluff. Fear not, sj_company , I am writing the other thing.




Alexei always wakes up first. They never pull the curtains and because Alexei sleeps on his back, the sun always hits his face as it rises.

He smiles and rolls over onto his side. Evgeni is still asleep next to him. Alexei’s smile broadens. If there’s one thing in the world that he loves the most, it’s waking up to find Evgeni beside him.

Evgeni sleeps on his stomach, which is why the sun always takes longer to wake him. The sheets are down at his waist, and the bare curve of his back is gilded in the morning light. His head is turned towards Alexei, allowing him to look at Evgeni’s face – relaxed, peaceful and calm, the long blond lashes resting on his cheeks, his golden hair falling in curtain.

Evgeni is beautiful in the mornings, and Alexei loves that now he is allowed to wake up to him every morning.

Humming quietly to himself, Alexei rolls out of bed without disturbing Evgeni. Zhenya loves his sleep, like now, finally, he’s trying to make up for all those years, all those years that he really shouldn’t have been competing. Alexei had wondered how Evgeni would cope but Evgeni sleeps like the dead, usually with at least ten hours sleep as his minimum.

Alexei leans over and kisses Evgeni’s cheek, because he can’t help himself, and Evgeni sighs and snuggles closer to the pillow, a smile on his lips.

Alexei grins and trots down the stairs.

Evgeni might be sleeping longer than Alexei, but it’s not usually by much, and Evgeni especially has trouble sleeping when the other side of the bed is cold. Alexei knows Evgeni will be awake in about half an hour at least, so he scoots into the kitchen and presses the button on the swishy espresso machine that Zhenya had got for winning in Sochi.

Evgeni didn’t used to like coffee before he and Alexei started dating. But because he was still in training when that happened, he found that he needed more than tea to wake him up when he was running a bit late. So Alexei had given him coffee, and now Evgeni loved it in the mornings.

Especially if it was brought to him in bed by Alexei.

Alexei brings in the paper, flicking it open to check the headlines, front and back. Nothing particularly interesting. A rev-up for Kings on Ice – but that’s still a month away. He grins and opens the gossip section – sure enough, there’s some little bit about him and Evgeni being seen shopping together yesterday. Ever since they went public there’s never been a day when they haven’t been mentioned in the gossip or sport columns.

It’s kind of fun, being this visible again after years of invisibility.

The coffee machine beeps and Alexei goes over to it and pours two cups of coffee. He takes them upstairs, quietly trying not to giggle. The mugs are new, just arrived yesterday from Yana, who’d found them in the apartment she and Evgeni had shared. She’d drawn so many laughing faces on the note that Alexei had torn open the package straight away.

Evgeni’s mug had been a bright silvery colour and had come from fans, and on it was written, WE LOVE YOU OUR LORD PLUSHY, THE PLATINUM MEDALLIST IN VANCOUVER. Alexei’s had a cartoon of his banana routine on it. They were that damn hilarious that Alexei had decided to use them, because Evgeni laughing was beautiful.

But when he gets back into their bedroom, Evgeni is still asleep, curled into a ball now under the covers, on his side. Alexei feels his smile widen. He is so madly in love it’s almost embarrassing. He supposes this mad feeling comes from the fact that he’d loved so hopelessly for so long and never imagined that Evgeni might feel the same.

He doesn’t want to wake Evgeni up, so he creeps forward and places the mug on the bedside table. Then, because he can’t resist, he leans over and very gently kisses Evgeni on his lips, managing to overmaster the urge to kiss him awake.

Alexei creeps back downstairs after that, deciding he may as well read his newspaper. But about ten minutes later he hears the stairs creak and turns to see Evgeni coming down the stairs, his dressing-gown hanging off one shoulder, coffee mug in one hand. He looks so tousled and sleepy that Alexei has to physically stop himself from sweeping Evgeni off his feet and carrying him back upstairs.

Evgeni stands next to him, looking down at the blurry paparazzi shot of the two of them with a grin.

“Oh my, shopping for vegetables? What scandalous thing will we do next?”

Alexei laughs, and Evgeni laughs, and he takes a swig of his coffee before putting the mug on the table and climbing into Alexei’s lap, leaning in to kiss him thoroughly.

“Good morning, Lyosha,” he murmurs, and to hell with the fact they’ve just gotten up.

Alexei stands up and hoists Evgeni into his arms in a bridal carry, kissing him back as he walks towards the stairs.

“Good morning, Zhenya,” he growls in his low husky voice, and Evgeni purrs.

By the time they drink it, their coffee is colder than ice.

END.