 The Quintuple Toe Loop (AlexeiEvgeniYana)


Current Location:bedroom
Current Mood: sleepy
Title: The Quintuple Toe Loop
Pairing: Evgeni/Alexei/Yana
Rating: Um, we'll call it M to be safe.
Disclaimer: This never happened and I'm not saying it did. No harm or libel intended. No money made.
Summary: Evgeni finds himself chasing what he thought was impossible.
Notes: Fill for skatingkink , Evgeni lands a quint and sets about trying to repeat it. I don't think it's as cracky as OP wanted, but it's the best my poor sleep-deprived brain could come up with.

With thanks to my dear Carole (ggr3906 ) who agreed to look it over, just in case my poor brain wrote anything weird. :^*




The alarm went off with a shrill beeping noise. Evgeni groaned and for half a second considered rolling over and ignoring it, but his body was too well-trained and he’d rolled out of bed and shut it off before he realised.

He winced slightly as he stood. He was sore and sticky, and all his joints felt like jelly. Why had he agreed to this when he had training the next morning? But Yana had been insistent. If they didn’t do it then, she had said, Evgeni would chicken out and it would never happen.

He turned back to the bed to consider his two lovers. Yana and Alexei lay half-curled around each other, a gap between their bodies where Evgeni had been. A smile tugged at the corners of his mouth. Whatever his feelings the next morning, he couldn’t deny that last night had been incredible.

Alexei’s eyes fluttered open slowly and Evgeni found himself admiring their paleness.

“Zhenya?”

“Go back to sleep, Lyosha. I’m just off to training. I’ll see you when I get home.”

Alexei subsided back into sleep with an incoherent mumble.

Evgeni quickly and quietly dressed in his training clothes, grabbed his skate case and headed out.

*

Mishin had given him a once-over when he arrived, snorted and made a most un-Mishin like sound. It was almost amused. Then he ordered Evgeni to go do twenty laps of the rink backwards; ten in punishment for being late, and ten in punishment for turning up still sore from sex.

Evgeni’s eyes had widened in disbelief when Mishin had explained that, and he decided that sometimes his beloved second papa was a little creepy.

After Evgeni had completed his laps, Mishin decided they may as well hop straight into it.

“Quad time.”

Evgeni had nodded and skated off to build speed.

The first was slightly two-footed, which wasn’t bad for the first quad of the morning. The second was clean. By the time they’d reached their last quad, Evgeni felt his muscles loosening up. He grinned at the memory of Alexei loosening certain muscles last night as he came around again.

Mishin noticed the lazy grin, the speed at which Evgeni was approaching the jump, and how relaxed his body was, and leaned forward.

Evgeni slammed his toepick into the ice and vaulted into the air. He counted the revolutions silently in his head.

One…two…three…four…

But something was wrong; he was still too high as he completed his fourth rotation. His body was turning again.

Five…

His blade landed on the ice and Evgeni swiftly employed every muscle in his body to stop himself from falling. He felt his palm slap the ice, but he managed, through a supreme effort of will, to keep his left leg up and not fall.

He brought his left skate down and regained his balance, his brain whirring.

He’d just done a quintuple.

A quintuple toe loop!

Mishin had run all the way around the side of the rink as fast as his short legs could carry him, all the way around to where Evgeni was standing in shock.

“Zhenya! Zhenya! Do you know what that was?”

Evgeni whirled around and grinned at Mishin. “Yes, papa. A quint! I can quint!”

“Can you do it again?” Mishin asked eagerly.

Evgeni wrinkled his nose. “I don’t know. My legs are tired. But I’ll try!”

Evgeni made five more attempts at the quint, but nothing worked. He simply couldn’t remember how he’d made his body do it the first time. As the day wore on, he grew increasingly frustrated.

“There must be something I’m doing wrong!”

Mishin patted his shoulder. “Don’t worry about it, Zhenya,” he said, hiding his disappointment. “Perhaps it was just a freakish thing. It’s more important that you get your quads right for competition this season.”

Evgeni nodded miserably.

But after Mishin had left the rink, Evgeni practiced and practiced. He could make it four and a half rotations, but for whatever reason, he couldn’t replicate the fifth.

God, it was so annoying! Here he was, on the verge of figure-skating history, and he couldn’t do it again!

Evgeni had made history before, of course – the quad toe-triple toe-double loop, the quad toe-triple toe-triple loop, the triple axel-quad toe, and even the quad loop, both debuted last season. But this was different. Quads were already being done by others when Evgeni had made his senior debut. Olympics had already been won with quads by the time Evgeni had his first senior Worlds medal. Evgeni finally had the chance to do something that no-one else could, and his body wouldn’t let him!

Sighing, Evgeni absentmindedly cleaned his skate blades. They were scratched after all the quads today.

Maybe that was it! New skates!

Evgeni hurried to get changed. If he was quick, he could have the new skates by tomorrow afternoon.

*

Yana grew worried when Evgeni arrived home late from the rink, and disappeared immediately downstairs. She sent Alexei after him, because it was clearly skating-related. Something technique-related, no doubt; she recognised that particular storm-cloud well.

Alexei followed Evgeni down the stairs and found him in a fully-fitted dance studio. There was a mirror and a barre and plenty of floor space, which right now had crash mats covering half of it. Evgeni was wearing only his socks. As Alexei watched, Evgeni took a few short running steps and jumped into the air. He managed three spins before hitting the crash mats with his arse.

Evgeni roared with frustration and hit the mat hard. Alexei cleared his throat.

“Hey Zhenya, what’s wrong?”

“Nothing you’d understand,” Evgeni snapped, and immediately regretted it as a hurt expression passed across Alexei’s face.

“Well, try me. You’re obviously having problems.”

“You wouldn’t understand,” Evgeni sighed, leaning back on the mats and staring at his reflection in the mirror. “It’s quint-related.”

“What?” Alexei grinned and came and sat next to him. “C’mon, you can tell me.”

“You have to promise you won’t tell anyone. And you won’t laugh.”

“I promise,” Alexei answered.

“I did a quint at practice today.”

“A what?” Alexei gasped in disbelief.

“A quint,” Evgeni replied, his eyes bright, his face eager. “A quintuple toe-loop.”

Alexei’s jaw was scraping the ground. At last he managed to say, “Well, I suppose if anyone was going to do it, it would be you. Was it two-footed?”

“No,” Evgeni informed him. “I just touched down. But Alexei, I can’t do it again!” Anguish was written all over his face.

Alexei managed to get his brain working. “Zhenya, has it occurred to you that it mightn’t be such a good idea? You have to think of your knees. And it wouldn’t have a base value yet.”

Uh-oh. Alexei wished he could take the words back as soon as he said them. He’d just given Evgeni ideas. Why did he have to mention base values?

“Oh my goodness Lyosha, you’re amazing! The base value would be incredible! Now I have to land it!” A strange gleam entered his eyes. “Say, do you think you could voodoo me?”

“What?” Alexei gasped. “Are you kidding? You know I’d never do that to you, Zhenya! It’s evil magic.”

“You did it once before,” Evgeni shrugged. “I got sick, but it wouldn’t matter this time.”

“Zhenya!” Alexei groaned. “For starters, if you got voodooed at Salt Lake, it was Zagainov, not me. For seconds, I’m not going to voodoo you. It’s black magic. It’s not happening, end of story.”

*

Evgeni collected his skates the next afternoon and headed straight for the rink. The leather was stiff and new and he grinned in excitement. He was going to land a quint today, he was sure of it!

He warmed up his legs and headed straight out onto the ice.

Two hours later, however, his grin was gone. He was black and blue all over, and he still hadn’t even come close. What was he going to do? What could he do? He had to land that quint. He’d done it before, he could do it again!

He kicked the ice in frustration, and got another idea.

Perhaps it was the type of ice.

Perhaps his rink’s ice wasn’t the right type? Or maybe it needed to be at a certain point after the zamboni had been across it?

Evgeni spent the rest of the afternoon travelling to different rinks around St Petersburg, but to his dismay, it didn’t seem to make a difference what kind of ice he jumped off, the result was still the same: a bruised arse and dented ego.

He knew he hadn’t imagined doing the quint. He knew he hadn’t imagined it. He’d actually done it. So why couldn’t he do it again? He had to do it again. If he had a quint, he’d be completely unstoppable.

As the months passed and the season grew ever closer, Evgeni tried everything he could to try and get the quint. He tried wearing the same socks from the day he’d landed it. He tried kissing his pendant three times before every attempt. He even took a leaf out of Lysacek’s book and burned incense candles. He looked up other skaters’ superstitions and tried them out. He even got Alexei to come to the rink with him and do throw jumps, attempting to land it off a throw first, making Alexei throw him over and over and over until the older man collapsed on the ice and spent the next two days unable to use his arms.

Mishin began to get worried. He knew that Evgeni was over-working himself, knew that Evgeni was staying long hours at the rink even when he and Mishin weren’t working together. Alexei and Yana both told him that Evgeni was obsessed with landing the quint, to the point that he spent the majority of his time at home either in his studio jumping, or watching tapes of himself doing quads to work out what he could change.

They arrived at Cup of Russia, Evgeni’s first competition for the year, and everyone except Evgeni could see what was going to happen.

Evgeni’s short program was nothing short of disaster.

He doubled his triple axel, touched down on his quad, and fell out of a spin. He ended up being ranked fifth and everyone knew it would take nothing short of a miracle for Evgeni to win his home Grand Prix now.

*

Yana and Alexei found Evgeni curled up on his bed with an expression of misery on his face.

“Zhenya?”

“I hate that stupid quint jump,” Evgeni groaned. “I should have practiced my program more.”

Alexei locked the door and Yana walked over to the bed and curled up around her husband.

“Hey, Zhenya, come on, it’s not all bad. You’re still fifth. You put in a good long tomorrow, you could medal.”

Alexei crossed the room and kissed Evgeni gently.

“How about you let us make you feel good tonight,” he murmured. “You’re so tense…”

Evgeni shook his head, mumbling, “Gotta skate tomorrow, Mishin will kill me.”

“Mishin approved this treatment,” Yana answered. “You need to relax. You’ve been so tense lately.”

Evgeni sighed and rolled onto his back, allowing both Yana and Alexei to climb on top of him.

*

Evgeni felt a bit better as he warmed up for his long. He still wished he had the quint, but today he would just make do with a quad. A very good, very clean, very neat quad. That would have to do.

He stepped out onto the ice and began, moving his arms almost on autopilot as he swung around, building speed and momentum. As he flashed past the coaches’ box, he caught sight of Alexei’s and Yana’s faces.

Alexei’s smile as he pushed his fingers deeper inside Evgeni, twisting him open –

Yana’s laugh as she found herself pinned down by both of them, Alexei fucking Evgeni while Evgeni fucked her –

Evgeni found himself smiling.

Mishin saw it straightaway – the same smile, the same relaxation of the body, the same looseness that there had been that day Evgeni had landed the quint.

“The quint!” Mishin hissed, and both Yana and Alexei gasped, “What?” and looked harder.

Evgeni struck the ice with his toepick and catapulted into the air.

One…two…three…four…

Evgeni’s brain kicked in gear as his body began to turn for the last rotation. This is it!

He focused all his might on getting his body in the right position, and unlike last time, managed to land with perfect balance. Then, upon thinking about it quickly, he leapt into the air again for a triple loop.

The stadium erupted as he raised his arms and his left leg, and Evgeni could barely focus on the next elements.

The commentators were screaming themselves hoarse in the booth, both Yana and Alexei were hollering, and Mishin was jumping up and down, laughing.

Evgeni managed to finish the rest of the program without a mistake, his smile enormous as he glided off the ice.

He knew that the judges were in an emergency conference right now, knew that they were staring at endless replays of the quint and trying to make certain he’d made five rotations, and he knew they’d be arguing over a value for the jump.

But none of this really mattered. He knew he’d done a clean quint jump, and he’d have that forever. They couldn’t take it away from him.

He met Yana, Alexei and Mishin at the gate, smiling and laughing and slapping him on the back so hard that he nearly toppled over. Then he grabbed Yana’s hand and pulled her close as though snuggling her, and pulled Alexei close as though kissing his cheeks in greeting.

“We are having that threesome before every program. Understood?”

They stared at him for a moment, and Evgeni just grinned with a twinkle in his eye.

Mishin laughed.

“Zhenya, if that’s the secret, then it’s going to be a compulsory part of your training regime!”

END.