The Lossoth
baranduin

Summary:

Far in the north of Middle-earth lived the Lossoth for thousands of years. They come to Aragorn's crowning. Frodo learns that not all is well with the Lossoth, that a struggle is occurring within them. Being Frodo, he tries to help.
Notes:

While this part is G, there will be higher ratings in other parts and some parts will contain non-con and other assorted things that go along with it. I will warn for these parts when they come.
(See the end of the work for more notes.)

Chapter 1

Chapter Text

Upon the very Eve of Midsummer, when the sky was blue as sapphire and white stars opened in the East, but the West was still golden and the air was cool and fragrant, the riders came down the North-way to the gates of Minas Tirith. First rode Elrohir and Elladan with a banner of silver, and then came Glorfindel and Erestor and all the household of Rivendell, and after them came the Lady Galadriel and Celeborn, Lord of Lothlórien, riding upon white steeds and with them many fair folk of their land, grey-cloaked with white gems in their hair; and last came Master Elrond, mighty among Elves and Men, bearing the sceptre of Annúminas, and beside him upon a grey palfrey rode Arwen his daughter, Evenstar of her people. (Return of the King, Chapter 7)

 

The hobbits watched with all the people of Minas Tirith as the party from Rivendell and Lothlorien arrived. Frodo was a little disappointed that Bilbo was not there but he knew it must have been too far a journey for the old hobbit. He would see Bilbo again on his way back to the Shire.

At the tail end of the riding, a little distant from Elrond, came a strange people. They were men but not like any that Frodo had ever seen and by now he had seen quite a lot of the Big People.

"Who are they, Frodo? They're not Elves, that's for sure," Pippin said.

Frodo shrugged. "I don't know."

There were not many of them, perhaps a dozen. They were all very pale of skin and most had eyes like blue ice, light and strange. They were clad in cloaks from Lorien. They said nothing as they rode by, their eyes big and wondering as they looked about them. Their leader looked very stern though he was young, almost a tween to Frodo's eyes. By his side rode another one who seemed even younger, who had dark curling hair and lively green eyes. Frodo was close enough to see them and marveled at their color. The young man smiled at Frodo but then turned away with a wink when the leader spoke a quiet word to him.

Last of all came one who caught Frodo's attention the most. This one seemed taller than the others and he was thin. Perhaps he's been ill. His hair was palest gold and long about his shoulders, and it shone in the setting sun. Frodo stepped forward a pace to peer up at him and he turned to face Frodo for a moment, his mouth falling open in surprise. Never seen a hobbit before, I'll bet. What a sad, proud face he has.

They stared at each other in open curiosity. A sharp command from the young man's leader broke the moment, and with a quick nod, he urged his horse forward though he turned around and continued to stare at Frodo.

"Well, who in Middle-earth are they?" Pippin said. "Let's find Gandalf."

"What strange names!" Pippin said later that evening in the house the hobbits shared with the others. "Come on, Sam, give them a try."

Sam stood up and cleared his throat. He recited, "Alexei. Aleksandr. Viktor. Ilia. Evgeni … that's the blond one with the big nose … the one who looks so thin a brisk wind could knock him over like a mallorn leaf in winter. I'd like to feed him a proper Shire breakfast or two!"

"Perhaps he's been ill," said Frodo, still caught by that thought, still holding the image of Evgeni in his mind and their moment of surprised connection.

Gandalf had come in while they were talking. Frodo turned to him and said, "Did you know they were coming … these Lossoth? Did I say that right?"

"Yes, that's right. And no, I didn't know, but it does seem right to me that they are here."

"Why?" Pippin asked, his curiosity on high alert now. "Come on, tell us."

"Well, Pippin, the Lossoth are a very old people, older than the kings of the north and the south. Once, many years ago, they aided the last king of the North Kingdom."

"Arvedui?" Merry said. "That's right, isn't it?"

"Yes, indeed, Merry. Arvedui met his death in the far north."

"Did the Lossoth kill him?"

"I see you did not make much use of Elrond's library when you had the chance. I am not surprised." He turned to Frodo. "You did, Frodo. Did you read of the Lossoth?"

Frodo sat back in his chair and thought a moment. "I think I did. The Lossoth have lived around the Bay of Forochel for thousands of years. Do they really live in ice houses?"

Gandalf smiled. "Yes, and I have been in them. They even look a bit like hobbit holes now that I recall. Round entrances, you know."

Sam said with a shudder, "Brrrr … doesn't sound hobbitlike to me at all! Don't they all freeze inside?"

Gandalf laughed. "Well, no … they're very well made. Though not near as comfortable as even the smallest hobbit hole. Go on, Frodo. Did you read about Arvedui and his people?"

"Yes, I did. Arvedui fled north to escape Angmar and the Lossoth sheltered him and his people. I don't think I remember anything after that."

"The Lossoth did indeed give Arvedui their aid. But Arvedui would not stay and took ship with his people in spite of the warnings the Lossoth's king gave them. He warned them that a storm was coming and they would not survive it. Unfortunately he was right. The ship broke apart and all drowned."

"Drowned?" That was all four hobbits at once, speaking their ancestral horror in unison.

"Yes, drowned. But this would little concern us but for a gift Arvedui gave the Lossoth's king. Do you know Aragorn's ring?"

"The one with the serpents? Of course," said Frodo. "Do you mean to say that Arvedui gave it up to the Lossoth?"

"Yes, and they held it for many years until the Dunedain's chief came for it and received it back. And now here are the Lossoth themselves come to Aragorn's crowning."

"But how did they know?" Merry asked. "I mean, they live so far north and all …"

"Ah. Elrond remembered them and sent to them, asking them to come to Minas Tirith so that they should see Aragorn crowned, with the Ring of Barahir on his hand. And here they are. It has been many years since I have seen any of the Lossoth. Do you know they skate?"

"What?"

"They are the ice skaters of Middle-earth, the finest in the world … and the only ones I daresay."

"On ice?" Sam jumped up, looking flabbergasted. "They skate on ice … on purpose?"

"Oh, Sam," said Merry, not quite in a nice fashion. "We Brandybucks are fond of taking a turn on the ice when the Brandywine freezes over. It's a lot of fun," he said and then gulped. "A little scary at times when the ice cracks but I think that's part of the fun."

Sam stared at Merry while Gandalf roared with laughter.

"I recall taking just such a turn on the Brandywine ice with your grandfather, Merry. Most bracing. But not at all like how the Lossoth skate. To them it is an art. I remember seeing the finest of their skaters jumping and twirling in midair, spinning so fast it almost made my old head spin in turn! And they don't use bones strapped to their feet like the hobbits of Buckland do, at least the best skaters do not. No, they use metal blades. The finest are made of mithril."

"Mithril?"

"Yes, Pippin."

"But where did they get mithril? Isn't that the rarest thing in Middle-earth?"

"Yes, it is, as you well know. When they gave back the Ring of Barahir, they received a bag of mithril ore as recompense. Most people would have made swords or shirts of mail from it, but the Lossoth are a strange people in their isolation, innocent in their way, like some others I might mention. They went to the dwarves of the Blue Mountains and had them make skating blades for them. I have seen them skate with such blades, and what a sight it was. I should like to see it again."

Merry snorted. "Not a lot of ice to be found in Minas Tirith, I expect."

Gandalf raised his eyebrows at Merry and said, "True, but I am sure they have brought their skates with them."

"But why?"

"Would you leave your dearest treasure behind if you could bring it with you?"

"Well, it doesn't make sense. Just weigh them down, wouldn't it?" Sam asked.

"Rather like pots and pans, eh, Sam?" Merry said.

"Hmph."

The hobbits plied Gandalf with more questions about these strange Lossoth and their bizarre ways, but Gandalf said no more, instead lighting his pipe, putting up his feet and staring into the small hearth fire. He murmured to himself for so long that even Pippin finally despaired of getting more information and went to bed.

The news that the Lossoth were going to give a skating exhibition traveled like wildfire throughout the City.

"How?" said some.

"Where?" said others.

"What is ice skating?" was the most common remark, usually said with a furrowed brow.

Where and how and what indeed. No wonder Gandalf had looked sly when Merry had made the comment about ice not being in large supply in Minas Tirith.

The proclamation read:

The Lossoth, to honor the King of the Reunited Kingdom and to give thanks to the people of Minas Tirith for their hospitality, invite all the people to an ice skating exhibition, to be held high up on Mount Mindolluin in the ice cave on its slopes. All are welcome.
"Well, surely not everyone will fit in at once," Sam grumbled as he and the other hobbits stood around the proclamation tacked on the City wall.

"Surely not, Sam," said Frodo. "Perhaps people will come in groups. I'm sure it will all be arranged with Aragorn's approval."

Pippin said, "Oh, I know!" He was dressed in his uniform and had just come off watch. "You're right, Frodo. It will all be arranged like that, and Aragorn has given Faramir the task to make it happen." He whistled a little tune and the others stared at him.

"Well?" asked Frodo. "Out with it. You know more."

"Well … Faramir said they are to begin practicing today though apparently the ice has to be leveled somewhat to make it smooth. What do you think of that?"

"Hmm," was all Frodo said.

Though Frodo did not know the way, that did not stop him. It turned out that he did not need to know the way for he met Gandalf almost as soon as he started to look for a way out of the Citadel that would lead up the mountain.

"Going somewhere, Frodo?"

Frodo jumped. "Gandalf! Oh, you gave me a fright. And yes, if you must know, I'm looking for the way up the mountain."

Gandalf smiled happily and he looked young if that were possible. "Come with me, then. I suspect we are seeking the same thing."

Gandalf led the way and soon they were high above the Citadel, taking a curving path among the rocks. Both were warm from exertion when the entrance to the cave appeared on their right. Guards of the Citadel stood at the opening, but they did not stop Gandalf and Frodo from entering, instead bowing their heads in greeting.

"Oh, it's so much bigger than I thought it would be!" Frodo said when they made their way inside and stood at the edge of the ice.

"Yes, plenty of room to jump and spin and plenty of room for an audience … though not all of the City at once. I believe we shall have the chance to see some fine exhibitions."

All the Lossoth were there, as were Faramir and some of his men. They were busy preparing the ice, smoothing it with wide, sharpened blades of steel that took two men to hold and use. Most of the Lossoth were hard at this work, joined by Faramir's men. The ones who were not smoothing the ice stood on it. Alexei, their king, was surrounded by them, including the green-eyed lad. The blond, Evgeni, stood a little apart from them, and turned to face the cave's entrance when Faramir cried out a greeting to Gandalf and Frodo. He watched them intently but always looking over his shoulder back at his king with quick glances.

"What do you think of our work here, Gandalf?" Faramir asked as he jogged up to join them. "I think we shall have a fine show here, do you not?"

"Yes, indeed, Faramir. This will be a sight the people of Minas Tirith will remember for years."

"Like your fireworks in the Shire, eh?" Faramir asked with a smile at Frodo. "Come, let me introduce you to them."

Frodo started forward eagerly. Though he wanted most to meet the blond who stood alone, it was only proper that they greet Alexei first.

"My lord, you have met Gandalf the White already, I believe," Faramir said in a grave voice.

Alexei said, with a heavy accent that Frodo had a hard time understanding though it had a strong music in it, "Yes, Captain Faramir, I have had the pleasure. But not with …" And he looked at Frodo, a curious light in his eyes.

"This is Frodo Baggins of the Shire," Faramir said.

Frodo bowed, "At your service, my lord."

There was a light of knowledge in Alexei's eyes as he greeted Frodo. "It is my pleasure, Frodo Baggins of the Shire. And it will be our greatest pleasure to entertain such a one as you with our poor skating."

The green-eyed one broke into a laugh. "Poor skating? Well, speak for yourself, Lyosha." He turned to Frodo and said, "I'm Johnny. And I'm happy to make your acquaintance and thank you for saving Middle-earth."

Alexei pursed his mouth. He looked even younger than Frodo thought the first time he saw him. How long has this one been his people's leader?

Frodo, a little flustered, said, "Thank you!"

Though Frodo realized that the Lossoth were wearing skates, he had not paid attention to it until Johnny said, "Come on, I'll introduce you to Zhenya," and took off across the ice so quickly it made Frodo's head spin.

Frodo followed slowly, gingerly putting one foot down in front of the other until he reached Johnny's side, rather pleased that he didn't fall though there was one dangerous moment when he thought he was about to slip.

Johnny was skating around Evgeni, who stood still, scowling, waiting for Frodo to reach them. "This is the famous Frodo Baggins of the Shire, Zhenya. You know, the one who saved us all?"

Evgeni said, scowling some more at Johnny, "Yes, Johnnik, I am not completely ignorant of these matters." He turned to Frodo and his expression was bland, giving nothing away. "I am pleas-ed to meet you, Frodo Baggins. I am Evgeni Viktorovich." He bowed low. "Thank you for what you have done for us."

Frodo flushed. Accepting the thanks of, well, everyone he met these days was something he was finding very difficult to do gracefully though of course he managed. "You're welcome, Evgeni Viktorovich. I hope you do not mind my watching here."

Evgeni's expression grew guarded. "It is not for me to say. If Alexei Konstantinovich has given his permission, then it is settled." He shook his head a little and shrugged. "But for my part, you are welcome to watch."

"Of course he is," Johnny said. He leaned closer to Frodo and said in a low voice, "If Lyosha did not want it, you would already be gone."

Evgeni tightened his lips and said, "That is true but perhaps you should not have said it. Your mouth …"

"Yes, I know. It will get me into trouble one day."

Evgeni nodded, one slight inclination of his head.

Well, Frodo was fascinated by the whole exchange though, not only did its finer points escape his understanding, he barely understood the words they spoke. They spoke the Common Tongue, but with such strange intonations that it almost seemed a different language. Frodo decided he liked it.

Evgeni said politely, "Perhaps you might move to the side of the ice, Frodo Baggins?"

"Just Frodo will do."

"Very well, Frodo. Please … enough of the ice has been smoothed that I will try it."

Johnny accompanied Frodo, skating around him and keeping up such a stream of talk that Frodo grew a little dizzy and was pleased to step off the ice and stand at its side.

The men scraping the ice were finished and withdrew to the sidelines. Evgeni stood at the center, testing the ice with one toe, looking over at Alexei.

Alexei called, "Well, what are you waiting for, a royal invitation from me?"

Evgeni said nothing but raised his chin and stared at Alexei.

"Very well, you may begin," Alexei said in a soft voice. "I hope you do not fall in front of our illustrious guests."

Frodo shivered. Something was terribly wrong here.

Johnny whispered, "Don't mind them. They just don't like each other much."

"Why not?"

But Johnny shut up at that point, at least when he saw Alexei watching him. Ah, so he does know he has to watch his mouth. Johnny nodded at Alexei, respectfully, and said to Frodo, "There will be music, but not today. Today we just test the ice."

And then Johnny really did quiet because Evgeni started to skate. And even if he had continued talking, Frodo would not have heard a word he said.

It was like magic. It was like flying. Frodo had never seen such a thing or imagined such a beautiful thing could have existed, even though Gandalf had told him that it did.

At first Evgeni merely skated around the perimeter, forwards and backwards, his mithril skates glinting against the ice. So smoothly, how does he do that smoothly, like he's barely touching the ice?

"Is that all you're going to do, Zhenech'ka?" That was from Alexei, who stood at the edge of the ice with his arms folded.

Evgeni responded but not with words. He took off from the far end of the ice and skated with increasing speed until he had almost reached the other end. And then … he launched himself up into the air and spun, drawing his arms close to his body, finally landing on one foot, moving as quickly across the ice as he done going into the jump, his arms held out.

"Oh!" Frodo cried. How was this possible? How many times had he spun in the air? Frodo had no idea, it had all happened in a flash.

"Oh, wonderful!" cried Gandalf next to him.

Evgeni skated up to them and came to a stop. He was breathing hard though he held himself upright, his thin shoulders straight.

Frodo wanted to say something other than "Oh!" but all he could do was grin.

That seemed enough for Evgeni looked at him and smiled, a wide boyish smile spreading across his solemn face.

How young he is.




The Lossoth
baranduin

Chapter 2

Chapter Text

Frodo kept going to the practice every day. The Lossoth grew accustomed to his presence though they did not speak to him often other than Johnny, who was friendly with everyone and always greeted him with a wide smile.

Evgeni also smiled at Frodo when he saw him and, while he did not speak much, usually skated over at some point to have a quick word with him. He never stayed long, always keeping an eye out for Alexei, who in his turn always seemed to watch Evgeni more than the others.

"Oh, Lyosha has to keep an eye on him," Johnny said one day when he noticed Frodo watching the tense interplay between Evgeni and Alexei.

"But why?"

Johnny started to open his mouth to speak but stopped when Alexei skated up and stopped before them.

This was new. Alexei had not spoken to Frodo since they were first introduced.

Alexei smiled and Frodo wondered again how old he was, he looked so boyish. "I see you enjoy watching our practice, Frodo Baggins of the Shire. What do you think of our skating?"

"Wonderful! Like nothing I've ever seen before."

"You do not skate in the Shire?"

"Well, some of us do when the ponds and rivers freeze during the winter, but not much and certainly not like this. Oh!" He stopped talking because Evgeni had just performed one of his magical jumps where it seemed to Frodo that he would spin and spin and spin in midair forever. And as incredible as the spins were, somehow Frodo was even more amazed at the smoothness of the landing. How does he not just fall onto the ice?

Alexei watched Evgeni and motioned to him to join them. "Yes, not many of us do what Evgeni Viktorovich does … I do of course and Johnnik tries, don't you?" He cuffed Johnny with a gentle caress that made Frodo's eyes go wide.

For once Johnny kept his mouth shut.

Evgeni skated up to them and nodded at Frodo, then turned to Alexei. "Yes? What is it?"

Alexei raised an eyebrow. "How informal of you. But that is all right, we are all friends here, aren't we? I was just talking with Frodo about how his people skate in their Shire. I thought you would be interested. But if you are not …" He shrugged.

Evgeni said gravely, "Of course I am interested, Alexei Konstantinovich." He turned to Frodo. "I did not know that hobbits skated. So watching us is not a surprise, then?"

"Oh yes, it is. We hobbits like to skate a little but I've never seen one jump and spin the way you do."

Frodo and Evgeni continued talking about how sometimes hobbits liked to strap on skates of bone to their feet … Evgeni smiled at that, looking down at Frodo's feet. Johnny and Alexei listened for a few minutes.

Finally Alexei said, "I will leave you now and take my turn on the ice. I hope I will see you tonight at the banquet Aragorn is holding in our honor?"

"Oh yes, I'll be there. I look forward to it."

Alexei nodded a farewell and skated to the middle of the ice, with Johnny following him. This was the first time that Frodo had seen Alexei skate. He was as good as Evgeni though different. There was a power in his skating that was perhaps the effect of his shorter, thicker stature.

Evgeni stayed with him and they watched in silence as Alexei skated. After a few minutes, Evgeni turned to him and said, "I must go now. If you come tomorrow, you will see us skate to music. We have gotten the feel of the ice enough that we can add in the music."

Frodo said, "Oh, I will. Thank you! And I will see you tonight at the banquet?"

Something went very quiet in Evgeni's face. "No," he said shortly. "No, I am afraid not. The others will be there, but I will not."

"Why not? Don't you eat dinner?" Frodo berated himself the minute the words were out of his mouth for Evgeni's face went even more still and interior.

Evgeni said gently, "I have to keep my training, Frodo. So no, I will not be there. But I will see you tomorrow I hope."

And with that Evgeni stepped on the ice and skated away, leaving Frodo to ponder the increasing mystery this young man was becoming to him.

Miss dinner? He's thin as a rail. That doesn't make sense.

 

**************

The banquet was an absorbing feast, as were all such affairs in Minas Tirith, but Frodo for once was anxious for it to be over, he could not concentrate as he usually did on the food before him. Eventually, when the meal was drawing to a close, he slipped out of the hall, first wrapping some bread and roast chicken in a napkin.

"Mr. Frodo?" He turned around to see Sam looking at him inquisitively and with a glint of worry in his eyes.

"It's all right, Sam. I'm fine. I have an errand. Go on and enjoy yourself. I'll see you later."

"All right. Don't overdo."

Frodo sped out of the dining hall and made his way past the courtyard and out of the Citadel, moving down the circles of the City until he came to where the Lossoth were staying in a large pleasant house.

He knocked at the front door but did not expect an answer. He'd seen them all at the dining hall, Alexei seated near Aragorn, the others dispersed among the other tables. They were all there except Evgeni. Of course Frodo hadn't expected the young man to be there though he had hoped that he would and that he would have the chance to talk more with him.

He tried the front door and found it unlocked. He stepped inside. "Hullo? Evgeni? I brought you something to eat." No reply.

Frodo started to investigate. Perhaps Evgeni had gone to bed already though it wasn't terribly late. He padded up the stairs to the second floor, poked his nose into the many little rooms and didn't find anyone. Up to the third floor he went. At the top of the stairs he saw just one door; it was ajar and there was the yellow glow of candlelight.

Frodo pushed the door open. "Evgeni? You here? I brought you …" And he stopped cold just two steps into the room.

Evgeni was crouched on the floor against one wall. His arms were raised above his head, shackled to an iron ring set in the wall. He was naked except for a torn sheet wrapped loosely around his waist.

"Evgeni?" Frodo whispered.

Evgeni raised his head for the quickest moment, his eyes blazing with shame and sorrow and fear. He lowered his eyes almost before he'd raised them and murmured, "Go away, Frodo. This is not the place for you. Please."

But Frodo did not leave, not least because he was rooted to the spot by the sheer shock of how he had found his new friend. He had known that all was not well between Evgeni and Alexei, that there was some terrible tension between them but this … what was this? It was beyond his ken.

Frodo walked to Evgeni's side with carefully measured steps, as though he were approaching a wild animal that might bolt at any time … where could he go chained up like that … and knelt. He peered up at Evgeni's face, wondering.

When Evgeni did not respond, did not look at Frodo, instead keeping his eyes shut and his head bowed, Frodo said, "Are you hungry? When I didn't see you at dinner …"

Evgeni murmured, "I told you I would not be allowed to come to dinner."

"No, you just said you would not be there and I hoped you would change your mind."

"It is not up to me to decide when I can eat dinner and when I cannot." He opened his eyes and looked at Frodo, his eyes intense and his face sharp with hunger. He smiled faintly. "But now that you are here … though you must leave soon, before he comes back … now that you are here, I would eat. But quickly."

Frodo said, "Of course. How can I undo you? And …" Here Frodo felt foolish and at sea. How did Evgeni come to be chained like this, like an animal chained up for the night so it would not stray? "How do you come to be like this?"

Evgeni tightened his mouth into a straight line and shook his head. "You cannot undo me. Only Alexei has the key. And now is not the time for me to tell you my story, for he will come soon and will be angry if he finds you here. Please leave, Frodo."

"First eat a little. Come on, I'll help you."

Frodo unfolded the napkin on the floor and tore the food quickly into bites, lifting them up for Evgeni to take in his mouth. Evgeni bolted the food, bread and chicken alike, barely chewing at first, wolfing it all down as quickly as Frodo could give it to him.

"Not so fast, Evgeni. It'll all come back up. Chew first."

"Zhenya. Please, Zhenya. Call me that."

Frodo tried it out. "Zhenya," he said slowly. "The others call you that. Is it a name for everyday use?"

Evgeni smiled. "Sort of. It is what my friends call me." He held his mouth open for another bite.

"I am honored in that case, Zhenya. Thank you."

Frodo continued to feed Evgeni until the food was all gone. I wish I'd brought more though maybe it would have been too much. He doesn't look like he's had enough for a long time. And Frodo felt a pang of fellow feeling; only too recently he had known hunger.

When the food was gone, Frodo reached up with the napkin and wiped Evgeni's face. Evgeni nodded his thanks. They both flushed a little.

Frodo said, "Now, please, tell me why you are chained up like this. I don't understand."

Evgeni sighed and shook his head. "Perhaps some other time. You must go now. Before they come back."

But it was too late.




The Lossoth
baranduin

Chapter 3

Summary:

This part rated NC-17 for non-con and violence.
Chapter Text

The front door slammed shut, followed the sound of many footsteps clattering on the ground floor and up the stairs.

"Quick!" Evegeni hissed. "Hide. He'll be here in a minute."

Frodo looked wildly about, Evgeni's panic infecting him and clutching him in the throat so that he could barely speak. "Where?"

"In the wardrobe. Quick. Do not make a sound, do not let him hear you or see you. It will go worse for me if he does."

Frodo sped to the wardrobe and slipped inside, closing the door almost all the way but leaving it cracked open so he could see a little.

Evgeni slumped down on the floor, leaning against the wall, his arms twisted up, his hands clasping each other. He watched the door, listening to one pair of boots coming up the stairs. "Frodo," he whispered. "Do not do or say anything, no matter what you see or hear. Do you understand?"

Frodo said miserably, "No."

"Then just listen to me and do not interfere. Whatever he does … it is his right."

Frodo whispered, "I don't understand," but then he shrank back against the clothes hanging in the wardrobe, burrowing against soft furs, for someone had entered the room.

With his heart hammering against his chest, he recognized Alexei's voice.

"Good evening, Zheneck'ka. Are you comfortable? No, I guess not. Here, I brought you your dinner. You may eat before we begin your punishment."

"No, thank you."

"Are you sure? Well, I commend you for keeping your training so well."

"As if I had a choice." The bitterness in Evgeni's voice made Frodo's heart sink. He knew he should spring out of the wardrobe, make himself known, but he could not. Not with Evgeni's words still echoing in his ears … do not interfere. Whatever he does … it is his right.

"Come on then. You know I hate to do this," Alexei said, the tone of his voice belying his words. "But you leave me no other choice, not with your insolence in front of the hobbit today. I will not have it. It is my right."

There was the sound of a key being turned in a lock and the metallic clatter of chains slipping down to the floor. "Go on. On the bed. Kneel at its edge."

Frodo inched forward until he was able to peer through the crack in the wardrobe's door. He held a piece of fur cloak to his mouth to muffle any sound he might not be able to stifle.

Evgeni was kneeling over the edge of the bed, his torso on the mattress, his arms raised above his head. He was naked, the sheet twisted around his feet. Frodo pushed the fur harder against his mouth. There were marks on Evgeni's back, healed welts. He had to say something, do something, but he could not.

Alexei stood next to Evgeni, slowly undoing his leather belt and sliding it from around his hips. "You know it is my duty to make sure all behave correctly. You know this, yes?"

"Yes, Evgeni said softly, his voice muffled against the bedclothes.

"Are you sorry for your rudeness to me?"

Silence.

"No. I did not think so. How long will it take for you to acknowledge that I am king, not you?"

Silence.

"Very well then."

When Alexei lifted his arm, the belt doubled in his hand, Frodo shrank back and did not see the blow land though he heard the sharp crack of hard leather against tender skin. The only sound after that was Alexei's harsh breathing. Evgeni made no sound.

Two more blows landed before Frodo got up his nerve, inched forward and peered through the crack in the door. There were now three fresh welts raised on Evgeni's back. His hands clutched the bedclothes so tightly that his knuckles were white. Evgeni's head was facing Frodo and they stared at each other, Evgeni's face beaded with sweat. Frodo blinked back tears and moved forward a little, as if to step out of the wardrobe. Evgeni shook his head a fraction and mouthed, "No."

"What was that, Zheneck'ka?" Alexei said and ran his hand down Evgeni's back. Evgeni shuddered and turned his head away, burying it against his hands.

"I think that's enough for tonight. Let the punishment fit the crime, I say, and yours was a simple insolence that I hope you do not repeat. But now for something more pleasant, yes?"

Evgeni shuddered and moaned.

Alexei said, "What was that? A yes or a no? Well, it doesn't matter. I am still hungry though I had a most delicious meal tonight. Aragorn keeps a fine table."

Frodo had breathed a silent sigh of relief when Alexei said he was finished, hoping that he would leave and Frodo could steal out of the wardrobe to tend to Evgeni. But apparently that was not to be yet.

Frodo watched Alexei and wondered at the expression on his face. His words were so cruel and yet his face … the expression on his face was such a mix of things Frodo barely could fathom … cruelty, yes, but a sadness and longing was there as well. Frodo did not understand; he did not understand anything to do with these strange people.

Alexei undid his pants and slid them down to his ankles and then Frodo understood what Alexei had meant by saying he was still hungry. His penis was erect, slick at the tip.

Alexei slid his hand between Evgeni's buttocks, feeling and rubbing, pushing with his fingers. Evgeni groaned but stayed still.

"You used to like this," Alexei said gently and there was something sharp and yearning in his face. "Do you remember those days?"

But just as Evgeni had refused to answer earlier, so he kept silent now, clenching the bedclothes hard in his hands, tensing all his muscles.

Alexei sighed and pressed closer, pushing at Evgeni's opening with his member, holding it with his hand and just rubbing for a minute before jerking his hips forward.

Evgeni cried out once, biting the bedclothes and holding his body rigid.

Frodo backed away deeper into the wardrobe, not wanting to see, not needing to see any more, though he knew what was happening. He did not need to see because he could hear everything, the sound of Alexei's thighs slapping against Evgeni's flesh, the sharp little cries of pain Evgeni was making in spite of his best efforts to remain silent and give nothing away to Alexei.

It did not last long and for that Frodo was thankful. Alexei climaxed with a long groan, then stepped away, panting. Frodo slipped forward again and watched Alexei pull up his pants.

Alexei leaned over and kissed Evgeni's shoulder. "Sleep well, my Zhenech'ka. I hope you are in better spirits tomorrow at practice. Remember, we will have music and your hobbit friend will be there to watch. Do not disappoint us."

With that, Alexei left the room, closing the door behind him. As soon as he heard the door shut, Frodo left the wardrobe and ran to the bed. Evgeni curled up on his side, pulling his knees close to his chest. Frodo watched him for a moment, pity wrenching his heart. At first Frodo saw he lay completely still, but then he saw Evgeni's body begin to shake, to tremble all over.

Frodo bent to retrieve the sheet that Evgeni had worn earlier and drew it over Evgeni, tucking it around him.

"What can I do for you, Zhenya?"

Evgeni raised his head and there were tears on his cheeks. His lips trembled as he said, "I am sorry, Frodo, so sorry. I should have made you leave earlier."

"That doesn't matter. Let me look at your back."

Frodo pulled the sheet back and shuddered at the sight of the red raised welts.

"No, just leave it."

"I can't. Is there some water or something I can use to bind these up?"

Evgeni said faintly, "Yes, I think so. At least there is a basin of water over there."

Frodo spied the basin in the corner of the room and found a soft cloth laid next to it. He dipped the cloth into the water and ran back to the bed. "Let me just clean you off a bit. I wish I had some salve."

"No matter. What is salve?"

"An ointment to ease the wounds."

"Ah. No, there is no salve."

Frodo kneeled on the bed next to Evgeni and pressed the damp cloth to each of the welts in turn, cleaning them off, soothing them as gently as he could while still wiping them clean.

"That's good, thank you, Frodo."

Evgeni uncurled his body and inched up the bed, careful of his back, stretching out on his stomach. He pulled the sheet with him though kept his back exposed.

Frodo watched him for a minute, hesitating, then pulled the sheet back and pressed the cloth to his bottom, wiping gently. There was blood on the cloth when he took it away.

"Zhenya, you're bleeding!"

Evgeni raised up on his elbows and looked back at Frodo, his eyes wide. He said, "Yes, he was not exactly gentle with me." He collapsed back on the bed, turning to lie on his side so he could face Frodo. "It is nothing."

"Nothing! Please … let me go for a healer. This is wretched. He should not treat you like this."

Evgeni laughed shortly. "No, he should not but I told you before that it is his right to treat me as he sees fit and it is my duty to accept it. And please … do not go for this healer. I am strong, I will heal."

"But he has done this before. I saw the other marks on your back. What is going on here? Why is he doing such things to you?"

Evgeni reached out one hand and gripped Frodo's for a moment.

Frodo remembered. "And what did he mean by his being king instead of you?"

Evgeni sighed. "Ah, you heard that. Yes, my father was king of my people before Alexei. But he died before I was of age and there was … I don't know the word. There was a struggle and now Alexei is king … though he is only two years older than I am."

Frodo said, "He's scared of you, isn't he?"

"Yes, I think so. I cannot think why he would behave in such a way. We were friends once upon a time. But …"

"What?"

"It is accepted among my people that when the kingship passes from one house to another, the one who loses is treated harshly. To make sure of things."

"Well this is abominable. I will go right to Aragorn when I leave, I don't care how late it is."

Evgeni sat up. "No! You will not. You will not interfere. Please. These are the ways of my people and I accept it. It is not for you to interfere. Please."

"But you can't …"

The expression on Evgeni's face grew haughty and closed. He murmured, "Yes, I can. Things will not always be so."

"You'll fight him then?"

"No … I don't know … I only think of returning home and leaving." He smiled but his voice was bitter. "It is accepted that the one who loses leaves the community and lives alone in the far north. I long for this."

Frodo bit his lip. He wanted to continue arguing but perhaps now was not the time. After all, the Lossoth would be in Minas Tirith for weeks to come. Frodo would find another time; he would persevere.

They stayed on the bed quietly for another hour. Frodo continued to soothe Evgeni's back, going back and forth between the bed and the basin to refresh the cloth. At the end of the hour, Evgeni said, "I think they have all gone to bed. Please go as quietly as you can."

Frodo slipped off the bed. At the door, he looked back at Evgeni. "I will see you tomorrow."

Evgeni was almost asleep. He murmured, "Yes, tomorrow. Frodo?"

"Yes?"

"Thank you, my friend. Though I wish you had not been here to see my shame, you have comforted me and I thank you for that. Good night."

Frodo murmured, "Good night," and left the room, stealing down the stairs as quietly as ever any hobbit had done, closing the front door without a sound and speeding back to his house where he knew the others would be waiting for him.




The Lossoth
baranduin

Chapter 4

Notes:

This part PG-13 for mentions of previous violence.
Chapter Text

They were all waiting up for Frodo, as he knew they would be. A chorus of concerned questions greeted him.

"Where were you? We were about to send out a search party! Do you know how late it is?"

He took a deep breath and faced them all, remembering Evgeni's pleas.

It is not for you to interfere. Please.

Frodo did not know how well he could honor that, but he knew he could not blurt out everything in front of everyone, even with Sam giving him an accusing look, demanding with his eyes to know where his master had been so late.

He looked at Gandalf, who was sitting by the hearth fire, looking at him blandly.

"I took some food to a sick friend and then just walked around the City for a while. The night air was so refreshing." There. That was not a lie, not really.

"Sick friend? Who do you know here?" That was from Pippin and he said it with a disbelieving snort.

"I have gotten to know quite a few people in Minas Tirith on my own. Just because I'm not a guard doesn't mean I don't get around, I'll thank you to know."

Pippin shut his mouth with a snap. "Oh."

It was Gandalf who intervened. He stood up and said, "Are we all satisfied? No? Well, it's late whether you are or not. Of to bed with all of you. Don't forget that tomorrow we are all going to watch the Lossoth practice with music."

The others filed out of the room and up the stairs to their appointed bedrooms, but Frodo lagged behind.

When the others were gone and they were alone, Gandalf sat down again and started filling his pipe. When he had it lit and was puffing away, he said, "Are you going to sit down, Frodo?"

Frodo sat but said nothing.

Gandalf said quietly, "Tell me of your sick friend. And do not try to draw the wool over my eyes as you did with the others, not that you were very successful. Very worrying, that." He turned and looked at Frodo with a sharp glint in his eyes. "Tell me."

Frodo said, "I went to see Evgeni."

"Why?"

"He said he would not be at dinner and I thought he'd be hungry."

A faint smile curved Gandalf's lips. "And was he?"

Frodo started to speak but then stopped.

The smile left Gandalf's face. "What is this? Do you not trust me, Frodo, after all we have been through?"

Frodo took a deep breath. Trust, indeed. It went in many directions. "He asked me not to tell anyone."

A sad look came over Gandalf's face. "I was afraid something would happen. He is a very unfortunate young man, I think."

"Then you know?"

Gandalf said, "I only know that there has been a struggle among the Lossoth for the kingship and that things have gone ill with Evgeni for a while. Will you not tell me more?"

Frodo stared at the floor. Which was more important—heeding Evgeni's wishes or seeking help for him? Pity for his new friend and the desire to ease his suffering won out. "It was awful, Gandalf. I found him tied up like an animal." He turned to look at Gandalf and they locked eyes. "Alexei … he … he came back and I hid, Evgeni told me to hide and not say or do anything and I'm sorry I did. He … Alexei …" Frodo shook his head back and forth, remembering the sights and sounds …

Gandalf said gently, "And what did Alexei do?"

Frodo whispered, "He beat him, with a leather belt on his back. And then when he was done with that, he raped him."

Gandalf sighed. "I did not know. Elrond said that things were ill between them, that there had been violence between them, but that he had spoken with Alexei and thought things were improved. And perhaps they were during the journey here."

Frodo jumped up. "Then you knew! How could you know and not do something?"

"And what was I to do when I thought things had improved? Was I to go to Alexei and demand that he not start up with the violence? And by what right had I to do that?"

"Of course you have the right!" And then Frodo shut his mouth because he remembered Evgeni's words. The anger that had filled his chest at Gandalf's words left him and he felt a deep tiredness wash over him. "Evgeni told me not to tell anyone. After Alexei left and I was helping Evgeni, I said I would go to Aragorn right away. But he said no, that I was not to do that. That it was not our business to interfere. And he even said that Alexei had the right to treat him as badly as he wished and that he, Evgeni, must accept it."

"I am sorry, Frodo. You are in a difficult spot, as am I. What should we do now?"

Frodo looked up. "I thought you would tell me!"

Gandalf smiled bitterly. "You know my time of interfering is past, my friend. And truly I do not know what to do in such a case. Alexei's kingdom …"

Frodo hissed, "Evgeni's kingdom … he should be king …"

Gandalf shrugged. "I do not know. As Evgeni says, it is not our place to decide. And remember, the Lossoth are not subservient to Aragorn. Their kingdom is not a part of his, so we cannot just go to Aragorn and demand that he put Evgeni in Alexei's place."

"Oh."

"Yes, it would be nice if it were that simple, though perhaps that would make things even worse. But I think perhaps we can do a little something for your friend, something not drastic, something simple. And after all, they will be in Minas Tirith some weeks so there is time to figure out a way to help."

Frodo smiled. "So you will help him! I knew you would."

"Not so fast. And perhaps we will not be able to help in the long run. But for now, I think we can do something." Gandalf puffed on his pipe a moment and blew a nice big ring that he sent into the hearth. He turned to Frodo. "Tomorrow when we go to see the practice, let us invite Evgeni to dinner."

"What?"

"Yes, a nice dinner here among friends, a chance for him to relax away from the other Lossoth. Surely Alexei won't object if we ask nicely." Gandalf got that glint back in his eyes. "I shall ask very nicely."

Frodo grinned.

"And to make sure that Alexei doesn't make Evgeni change his mind at the last minute, I think I shall escort him here myself."

With that, Gandalf sat back and smiled.

Evgeni woke in the middle of the night, shivering from the cold, the sheet slipped away from his body. He sat up and winced, his back swollen and tight from the welts, his bottom tender.

He moved gingerly, pulling back the covers and crawling under them, pulling them over his head. For a moment he forgot and lay on his back.

"Ah!"

He curled on his side, shaking while waiting until the throbbing subsided to a dull ache. Tears welled up and spilled over onto his cheeks.

Stop it. Do not cry. Do not give him that satisfaction even though he does not know.

He will guess it. Hope for it.

He took a deep shuddering breath and stopped crying but he did not sleep for a long time.

How did we come to this? We were friends once, more than friends, not enemies.

Such were Evgeni's thoughts as he lay awake, fighting against his thoughts that he knew would do him no good, knowing that as each wakeful moment ticked by, he was losing strength for the morning and the upcoming practice.

The routine. What are you moves? Where are your jumps? Count them off.

But it did not work the way it usually did. He could not lull himself to sleep this time by skating in his mind, each jump and spin and piece of footwork precise and sharp as though he were actually performing them.

Does he sleep well?

It was not until the room began to lighten that Evgeni finally fell asleep, still curled up on his side, his cheek pillowed on his hand. His last thought before he dropped off was of Frodo.

What will the hobbit do?

What do you want him to do?

Notes:

Note from the Appendices about the Lossoth: These are a strange, unfriendly people, remnant of the Forodwaith, Men of far-off days, accustomed to the bitter colds of the realm of Morgoth. Indeed those colds linger still in that region, though they lie hardly more than a hundred leagues north of the Shire. The Lossoth house in the snow, and it is said mat they can run on the ice with bones on their feet, and have carts without wheels. They live mostly, inaccessible to their enemies, on the great Cape of Forochel that shuts off to the north-west the immense bay of mat name; but they often camp on the south shores of the bay at the feet of the Mountains'.