[RPS] "The Beginning, The End"  Title: The Beginning, The End Pairing: Jeffrey Buttle x Johnny Weir Rating: PG13 (RPS) Disclaimer: To my knowledge, this has never happened.  Archived @ Master List Summary: What happened at the end of Calgary.    The Beginning, The End   Stephane won again.   Evan medaled again   Welcome to the wonderful world of competitive figure skating, where one could be considered a journeyman in their early-twenties.   The locker room was cleared out by the time Jeffrey found him, huddled on a bench beside a soda machine in his red CCCP jacket, glaring into space with a fire that had been missing for so long.   "So..." Johnny did not acknowledge his presence. Jeffrey took the seat beside him. "The brats beat us again."   Johnny grunted.   "How's your back?"   Johnny shrugged.   "How long are you staying?"  Johnny did not respond.   "Hey," Jeffrey put a hand on Johnny's shoulder, ignoring the flinch that followed. "It's not the end of the world."   Johnny looked away.   The machined switched off and two nameless skaters passed by before Jeffrey finally ventured to ask: "Where are you going to go from here?"  "I'm going to train," said Johnny quietly. "And next year, I'm going to win."  In retrospect, the effect of Johnny's words were somewhat lessened by the tears that followed. But tears were good, because it meant that Johnny was going to be alright and Jeffrey allowed himself to be a shoulder to cry on.   If he had fallen like Johnny had, he would not have been able to pick himself back up again.   ---   "Hey, you're still here," Jeffrey said, grinning. "Couldn't book a plane out of here fast enough?"   "I didn't feel like traveling," Johnny replied, shoving his hands in the pockets of his very-furry jacket. "I still have a few things to do before I can leave- photo shoots and stuff."   Jeffrey remembered. Best looking of all androgynous skaters, Emanuel had once called Johnny, and two years later, it still held true.   "You want to go somewhere?" Johnny asked. "It's cold out here."   The exhibition. He was supposed to go practice for the exhibition later that day and 'Glenn Gould' really needed a few run-throughs.   "Sure," Jeffrey said. He already made a fool of himself on the night of the free-skate. A few more stumbles tonight wouldn't matter.   ---   They did not have sex.   Jeffrey went straight to Johnny's hotel room after the gala. They got in the same bed, under the same covers, but the clothes did not come off- not a usual occurrence for Jeffrey and, he could tell, even less so for Johnny.   "How's your back?" Jeffrey asked.   "It's getting better." Johnny rolled over and flipped on the television just in time to see the all-too-familiar 'Stars On Ice' commercial. "Tell Alexei I said 'Hi'."   "Okay. Tell Evgeni that Alexei said 'congratulations'."   "Sure. Good luck in Japan."   "Uh-huh. Good luck on your 57-or-whatever-number-city tour with COI."   Johnny cracked a smile. "Don't remind me."   Jeffrey laughed, closed his eyes, and drifted into a light slumber. He did not see Johnny’s eyes become vacant nor did he witness the smile slowly replaced by something more melancholy.   Last year, it had been Brian.   t h e . e n d   If the ending made absolutely no sense, let's just say that in 2005, Jeffrey won the silver and Brian was 6th; in 2006, Brian won the silver and Jeffrey was 6th. Now is it clicking? 8D  I've been trying to write Johnny-fluff, but for some reason, it always ends up going in the complete opposite direction. Maybe it's because his most recent competitions have ended on such a sad note. Hope you enjoyed reading this anyway.   Feedback, as always, is wonderful. =)